let's add a yard to the space. we'll enter in from the street (if facing the street from the yard, you would see a large brown dirt field (which was maybe north of our property). far to the right was the Astro Bar that my dad used to go to all the time, this was maybe .5 or 1 mile away) anyway, when walking up from the little trailer park street, you would walk through a short chain link fence (one of those ones that are maybe 4 feet high? like tall enough to keep kids in but adults can hop over them pretty easily, I don't remember it feeling like a schoolyard fence, it never had that level of authority, or really even a sense of security. it was more of a demarcation of a boundary, even as a small kid I think I knew that on some level, because that is how parents teach kids not to walk out the gate and into the street

beyond the fence was a small yard with green grass, not like, a beautiful lawn, but a very functional one. the blades were wide and scratchy, the terminated roughly around the roots of a large (to me at least) tree where I would play. I remember I had one toy that was a large blue monster truck, it used to be a remote control car i think, but it had died so i played with it just as any kid would in the dirt by the tree. i remember the coolest part about it to me was that it had a winch at the front where a child could use the string to pull toy soldiers or other cars out of the dirt. 

the lawn also had patches underneath the small blue and white metal swing set, this modular A-Frame construction was where my sister and I played for hours on end, and was not-unlike the typical swing set of the era. In my memory, the yard sort of fades away to the eastern side, there might have been a redwood fence there or maybe a chain link fence, i'm not sure. 

an important note about the orientation of the trailer. it was oriented perpendicular to the road, the hitch pointed towards the road. I want to say there were some flowers sitting in pots or planters around the hitch or on that end of the trailer.

There was a small step or slight porch entrance, maybe with an overhanging canopy to shade the entrance. I don't actually remember what the material of the door was, but I assume it was one of those layered cheap wood with vinyl exterior with a window with blinds.

walking up to the threshold and through the door you enter into the living room. everything in here is 70s/80s burnt orange, green, brown/orange carpet in the living room, geometric brown and white patterned vinyl flooring in the kitchen/dining area

There is a couch facing you as you enter, more 80s brown, orange, green flavor everywhere. Across from the couch was a small CRT TV on a stand with a small table between. Everything was pretty cheap furniture, dark woods, I want to say that even the paneling on the interior of the trailer was that wood paneling stuff? at least in the hallway i think it was. 

to the right of the entrance was the kitchen and dining area, these sort of bled into one small space, i want to say the table was immediately to the right, possibly it was rectangular with filleted edges, it had a white vinyl top and i think a brass corrugated ring around the edge that hid the MDF underneath. 

That same northern end of the trailer with the hitch, had, (in my memory) one window, and in that window (on the interior) were some plants stuck in jars or rooting in double-shot shot glasses, but the one that stuck out to me most was a potato that had toothpicks stuck in it to keep it floating above the rim of the glass so it could root into the jar

I'm not sure if the refrigerator was beyond the table towards the front (north) of the trailer, or if it was tucked away closer to the kitchen where the western wall would have been.

if we walk down the hallway, there is a bathroom on the right. i'm not sure if it comes before or after a closet, but I might say there were 3 doors in the hall to the right side. one was a coat closet, next was the bathroom, next was a bedroom, i think. straight ahead at the end of the hallway was another bedroom (probably the "master bedroom" if there were indeed 2 rooms in that trailer)

the second room (door 3) may or may not exist, I assume so, because there were 4 of us in that house. The other room, the main room, all i remember in there was a crib, or maybe a playpen or something? I have no clue which way the bed was oriented or what color anything was, other than a strong suspicion that there is even more wood paneling here as well. 

the only other tidbit of detail i can provide, is that I think the bathtub was towards the south end of the bathroom, perpendicular to the length of the trailer. I once attempted to flush an orange down the toilet.

We left this place before i turned 4


