Christopher D.
Elite 26
Irvine, CA
26 Brunch reviews
Mar 14, 2026
2 photos2 check-ins
Bottega Louie is an all time favorite of my family. I have been to both locations, but the downtown LA location holds some special memories. Its high ceilings, beautiful white walls, and fresh flour decorations are luxurious and old world gorgeous. Even the cacophony of voices that echo off the large ceilings add to the luxurious, Italian glow.

My wife and I recently went here for Valentine's Day. I accidentally made a reservation at the other location, but this location was kind enough to accommodate me, which speaks to the service. I will not sometimes the actual food service can be quite slow, but that is inconsistent so I will not damn the restaurant overall for it. However they should improve.

The drinks are awesome. Punchy and alcohol forward. My wife loved the spicy margarita equivalent (forgot the name) from our latest visit. Additionally, there is a healthy wine selection--both local and international.

The food is delicious, rustic, upscale Italian fare. My wife and I have so many favorites: the chicken Parmesan, the portobello mushroom fries, the pappardelle, the bolognese, and of course the tartufo pizza. In addition, the bakery has an amazing selection of desserts, with my wife and I loving the beignets and the macarons.

Prices are high-ish, but not offensively so. Think 30-50 per plate and maybe $75pp with a drink. So not at all terrible. All in, I highly recommend Bottega and think everybody should try it.

Ambiance: 5/5
Service: 4/5
Drinks: 4.5/5
Food: 5/5
Price: 4/5
Consistency: 4/5

Portobello Fries

Chicken Parmesan

Richard L.
Elite 26
Santa Clarita, CA
2281
Mar 9, 2026
Beautiful location, wonderful service, delicious food~ what more can you ask for?
Had their Caesar salad (yum) and pepperoni pizza-
The dough was amazing--- crispy yet chewy and the sauce was wonderful (not too acidic)-

The interior is open and airy and very spacious for a downtown joint

Hee K.
Elite 26
Los Angeles, CA
3 Italian Food reviews
Feb 26, 2026
I've had brunch and dinner here and my absolute favorite item to get is the tartufo pizza. It is definitely a bougie pizza costing you $50. But, you do get generous amount of truffle. As soon as the pizza arrives to your table, you can just smell the truffle.

The salads always taste fresh and pasta very chewy.
The staff is super professional and friendly.

One of my favorite restaurants to take out-of-town friends. They're always impressed by the hand towels and fresh flowers in the bathroom :D

Tartufo Pizza

Lance L.
Elite 26
All-Star
Thousand Oaks, CA
56 Brunch reviews
Feb 26, 2026
10 photos
After attending an amazing evening concert at the Crypto Arena...

Followed by a night full of shaking what my momma gave me at a local Latin club in DTLA...

Then finally hitting the pillow in the early hours of the morning and sleeping like an absolute baby at the coolest Downtown Boutique Hotel...

YOU KNOW for a fact that as much as my wife & I missed our three kids who we'd left overnight with their Auntie...

We were just not quite ready to return to reality.

So on the way home the next morning before making our way to the 101 fwy...

We decided Sunday Brunch was in order and what better place to brunch it up then....

BOTTEGA LOUIE in Downtown Los Angeles!!!!

Wait? What??

You've never heard of Bottega Louie??

Well, you my friend....

Are. In. For. A. Treat.

Hey, if anyone knows how to Brunch...

It's. The. French.

And I don't know about you...

But I'm pretty sure the French Revolution was really started over Brunch and not over Social & Political upheaval like the history books claim ;)

So yeah, for those of you whom haven't been to B.L. Yet, let me tell ya....

From the moment you walk in, you are instantly transformed into another world.

From the World Class Baked Goods....

Just wait until you see all of the goodies behind their glass case lines.

(From their Beignets and Croissants to their Fruit Tarts and colorful Macarons) if you have a sweet tooth...

You. Will. Definitely. Be. In. Trouble.

And that's JUST THE BEGINNING!!

If you happen to make it past all the baked goods, and stay for Sunday Brunch, be prepared to have your mind FREAKIN' blown!

My wife went with their Le Pancake (a Soufflé-Style Pancake with Chantilly Cream & Strawberry Sauce)

-----Sounds Fancy doesn't it-----

and her eyes nearly rolled into the back of her head, I thought she was gonna have a...

oh never mind =)

As for me...

Mine was good, but apparently not that good ;)

I had their Croque Madame Sandwich (Jambon de Paris, Melted Gruyère, Dijon & Béchamel with a sunny side egg on sliced pain de mie) accompanied by THE cutest arugula salad ever...

Let's just say....

I was ready to meet my maker that day!

Yeah, it was that dang GOOD!

We did share their $10 glass of Fresh Squeezed O.J. (TOTALLY WORTH IT) by the way...

(We were in awe about the family next to us who had about $50 bucks worth of O.J. at their table)...

Ballers!!! LOL

And of course we each had a beautiful Cappuccino to start our morning off RIGHT!

Other Brunch Specialties that caught my eye and are definitely on my radar for our next Brunch outing here are....

-The Lobster Hash ($35)

-The 16oz bone in Ribeye with Eggs ($65!!!)

-The Tartufo Pizza (Mozzarella, Fontina, truffle pecorino, crème fraîche, black truffle mushroom pâté, soft cooked egg & shaved Sabatino black truffles) ($50)

So, who's coming with me and which one are you getting??

I know you ladies are all getting the 'Le Pancake'

LOL

Of course Lunch & Dinner are also Top of The Class
and you really can't go wrong with anything this place has.

This DTLA location is their original spot, but they also have a location which we've stopped by once before for some Macarons to go in WEHO (West Hollywood) which BTW has THE FANCIEST restroom that I have EVER seen in my ENTIRE LIFE!!

So if you find yourself in Los Angeles...

Visiting, on business, or just for pleasure....

Do yourself a solid and come to Bottega Louie and

GET one of EVERYTHING!!!

See all photos from Lance L. for Bottega Louie

Jennifer A.
Elite 26
Pico Rivera, CA
10 Brunch reviews
Feb 24, 2026
3 photos
I don't know what made the restaurant better, either the exceptional customer service, or the food.

Both are really great!

I came here for my birthday with family and friends.

It is located in the financial district of Dtla.

I love the look of the restaurant.

I like the fact that you can see the chef's preparing your food - and let's not forget about the beautiful, great tasting food and desserts.

My waiter was the best!

He made my birthday memorable here! Iwill definitely book another birthday party here next year!

Bryn S.
Elite 26
San Diego, CA
31 Brunch reviews
Mar 10, 2026
3 photos1 check-in
Got a ceasar salad, the pear martini, and baratta pizza. Pizza was okay- I will try the pasta next time. But the pear martini and ceasar salad was the best! I recommend trying this spot out.

Mai T.
Elite 26
Orlando, FL
18 Brunch reviews
Jan 31, 2026
3 photos
Is this what West Hollywood is about? It's one of my friend's favorite bakeries in the area and when I came to visit from out of town, she wanted to take me there. We opted to grab some sweet treats and take them home.

I decided to treat myself to their six piece macaron box as a small birthday treat. The guy who helped me must have been the manager because he was dressed in a full on tuxedo. He asked me which flavors I wanted and I told him just to surprise me and to mix it up. He stated that he will just give me their most popular flavors; GREAT.

When I got home, I realized he only gave me 4 flavors; 2 salted caramel, 1 strawberry, 2 raspberry, and 1 mango.

I highly doubt that these were the most popular flavors. How lazy did you have to be to give me repeats and to only reach for all the ones in the same box/area. The whole display was filled with macaroni of every flavor. I could see if they were running out. But honestly he was just being lazy.

The only thing he did well was the wrapping of the box with the bow.

Cheryl L.
Elite 26
Mountain View, CA
61 Brunch reviews
Jan 21, 2026
3 photos
The Louie salad is a namesake of the place. The salad was a relic from the past. Very 80's with thousand island dressing, but modernized with the cut up lettuce. We added an extra chicken breast to boost the protein. The burrata pizza was delicious. The crust is light and airy with the right amount of crunch.

A must order is the chocolate soufflé. It was light and just sweet enough to curb that sugar fix. One of the best desserts that I've had in a while.

The place is huge, but feels stark with the white walls. They call it minimalist, I guess. Service was excellent. My suggestion would be to make a reservation so you don't need to wait. He was attentive and gave great advice on the food. Super knowledgeable and smart.

The pastries look delicious, almost too good to eat. Perhaps next time when I'm not stuffed, I'll grab one.

It isn't cheap with almost $100 for the entire meal, but the quality is in the details!

Aaron G.
Elite 26
Lawndale, CA
9 Dessert reviews
Jan 29, 2026
3 photos1 check-in
Strolling by , been wanting to visit this place for YEARS !

Wanted to take my lil one for a coffee date and so i did

Service 4/5 polite , prompt , responsive, and well mannered

This place has an alore and a general type of crowd , a lot of business casual , nose jobs , and. " high class " but a lot fake funk , so don't be intimidated to come , I've been dinning in every rooftop in Los angles and never felt out of place for some reason i avoided this place because i thought it was out of my league

But the the staff is well trained and polite also efficient, so i def will down here for the full experience

Flat white 4/5
Macroons 5/5
Service 5/5
Walking distance 5/5

5 macroons and a flat white 12oz will run you about 24$ keep that in mind, i don't think
Expensive but some
Might

Joe R.
Elite 26
Los Angeles, CA
4 Brunch reviews
Jan 19, 2026
2 photos2 check-ins
I came here with a group of friends for someone's birthday and it was an excellent experience. I ordered the carbonara and was impressed by the quality of the noodles and of the soft boiled egg. Overall, it was a really good carbonara, and something I would order again. Everyone else I was with also very complimentary of their food. Service was quick and attentive. Overall, I was pleasantly surprised by the dinner.

At the front of the store there is a large dessert display and a coffee counter. Their macaroons and cakes are across the board.

Carbonara

Dessert display

Danielle K.
Elite 26
Downey, CA
67 Dessert reviews
Jan 12, 2026
2 photos
We just stopped in to get some macarons. They are beautiful and have a wide selection of flavors like birthday cake, earl grey, chocolate, and many more. They also have coffee/tea and giant croissants and pain au chocolat.

The macarons are really nothing special, especially considering the price, but their drinks are very tasty. We got the cinnamint latte and it was delicious. My mom got the macchiato bread pudding which she said "tasted like a bran muffin" so she was kinda disappointed.

I have been here for dinner once, it was around 10 years ago, and i do remember the service and food being wonderful. A very nice time. I can see people trying it for the experience. For me personally, while my husband and i had a great time, i havent been back to dine in those 10 years, so that should tell you something.

Macaron

Fancy box

Eddie C.
Walnut, CA
10579147
Feb 23, 2026
4 photos
Love bottega Louie one of the best restaurants in la area
Parking : very difficult to find street parking pay need to park in near by paid parking $12-15
Atmosphere : upstairs casual dining very clean and modern
Service : top notch service . Servers are extremely nice and friendly
Food: 10/10 must order are the portobello fries and Louie salad and pizza

If you are in the area it's a must try . I been going there for many years before it became popular with celebrities.

Jae S.
Elite 26
Los Angeles, CA
19 Italian Food reviews
Jan 7, 2026
3 photos
Went on a Saturday night with a reservation and was seated immediately. Place was packed but service was good and attentive. Good place for any number of different parties.

Went for the pasta/fries/meat pizza/Brussels sprouts. Everything was really delicious. Didn't have any complaints. I would say the brussels sprouts were a bit too citrusy. Pizza and the pasta were really good. Cooked to perfection and really enjoyed my time here. Had low expectations but everything was everything pretty decent.

Parking as a pain, but there is valet and street parking. Uber is probably the best option if you're close in the area, which was my choice of transportation.

Alex K.
Elite 26
All-Star
San Fernando Valley, CA
210 Brunch reviews
Feb 8, 2026Updated review
10 photos
Whether you're here for a meal, a drink at the cafe bar area, or to check out the beautiful pastries section. This place will leave your mouth watering. I've been quite a few times as well as the West Hollywood location. Both great and completely different from each other. Downtown location has that open high ceiling New York vibe. A beautiful pastries section right when you walk in with all the artful creation in the glass display. Plus the famous macarons all lined up.

West Hollywood, a smaller location but it does have patio seating in front as well as covered patio out back. More lush garden vibe. And their pastries and bar area is right in the middle of the restaurant. Both beautifully decorated which gives it that extra touch. Didn't have a meal this time but desserts were picked up at the downtown location for a special night. My bday of course...Lol... If you haven't had any of their pastries, it's a must. Each items are well decorated and beautifully made that you don't want to eat them. And their famous macarons, bite size goodies. They are a little on the pricey side but worth it. Cakes are amazing which is great for gathering or a hostess gift. We had the fruit tart which is somewhat seasonal as during the summer it wasn't available the last time. It was replaced with a peach tart. Still amazing though. I assume as it was a seasonal fruit, it was brought out for the summer.

Fruit tart is alway a top choice for us as it's pretty simple but oh so good. A nice crunchy base but flakey. Filled with a delicious custard and topped with amazing berries. A slice is great but a whole cake is better. Regardless whatever you choose, there's never a wrong thing. Only thing that sucks, they can't write anything for you. If it's a birthday, they'll add a chocolate bday sign instead.

Parking is a stretch at this location. Valet or a parking structure. Street parking is a bitch downtown. But you can't go wrong with Bottega....

See all photos from Alex K. for Bottega Louie

Aug 2, 2025Previous review
I came to pick up a couple of pastries for a birthday. The restaurant is beautiful with its open concept and clean line. Also the bar area is quite nice. But the main reason for loads of visits, the beautiful pastries counters. Rows and rows of wonderful crafted and delicious sweets. The rows of colorful macarons all line up right when you walk in. The beignet are must if you haven't tried. And they're offered with raspberries, chocolate, or plain.

This visit was for the fruit tart and a peach tart. To my surprise, I was told that they discontinued the fruit tart. It's always a favorite of ours and that the peach was its replacement. Hopefully it does it justice for a replacement. Price wise, it's pricey for the pastries but they're good.

Feb 28, 2025Previous review
This place is always a treat whenever I'm downtown. There's also the sister location in West Hollywood was well. Popped in to pick up some sweets, the beignets in all the flavors. Raspberries filled, Nutella and plain. But if your looking for sweets, tour at the right place. The selection is amazing, well decorated and beautifully showcased. There's something for everyone. As well as food, which I've been numerous of time but this visit was for sweets. Beautiful space, it does get busy but there's a bar area where you could have a cocktail while your table is being prepared.

May 29, 2018Previous review
One of my favorite hot spot in downtown LA. Stopped off here today for a glass of wine as I had some time to kill waiting for a friend. Sat in the bar area as it's open seating vs waiting for a table in the restaurant area. The feeling you get when you walk in seeing all the macaroons lined up in the front and the selections of deliciousness delicate pastry in the glass. What diet.....

The bartender was on hand was very sweet and friendly. I just had a glass of wine as I just had lunch earlier at a different location. If you do end up have a meal here, everything is amazing. The pizza, pasta, dessert, all highly recommended. The portobello fries are to die for. Just make sure you save room for dessert as I'm sure you will see when you walk in. I always tend to leave with either some macaroons or the beignet. They can served that with chocolate or a raspberry sauce that is to die for. Just make sure you get here early for dinner or lunch as it does get crowded and busy and the don't take reservation. But you'll enjoy your time here. As have room for the dessert.

Sophia B.
Elite 26
San Francisco, CA
40 Italian Food reviews
Mar 9, 2026Updated review
Still underwhelmed. Fairly empty when we came for weekend brunch. Their best dish was their portobello fries with aioli. Otherwise, their waffles, benedicts, and egg sandwich were just mediocre and overpriced.

Aug 24, 2011Previous review
Croissants were flaky and delicious!! I was otherwise underwhelmed by Bottega Louie. I came here twice- once to raid their pastry case, the second time for breakfast. Both times they were crazy busy. Their macarons and hazelnut brownie tart were okay. I was most disappointed with their dry chocolate financier. Breakfast was better. Liked their egg sandwich, not so much their quiche Lorraine. Bacon needed to be more crispy. Bad coffee too. LOOOVED their croissants though.

Gina M.
Upland, CA
8 Italian Food reviews
Feb 6, 2026
3 photos1 check-in
I went to an early dinner at Bottega Louie in Downtown Los Angeles, and it was my first time visiting with a friend, so I really didn't know what to expect.

They offer a variety of menu options -- sandwiches, pastas, pizzas, and salads -- but since they're known for their pizza, we decided to split one.

We ordered the Margherita pizza and asked if we could add a few vegetables. We originally wanted bell peppers, but they didn't have those available as an add-on. Instead, we added olives and a vegetable topping that was similar to broccoli.

The crust was thin, which some people may really like. My friend enjoyed it more than I did -- for me, it was just okay. I think I was expecting a little more flavor or richness. It almost tasted a bit "too healthy" for what I usually want from a pizza -- LOL. I did have a few slices, but if I go back, I'd probably try a different style of pizza.

One thing that did surprise us was the bill -- they added $5 for the veggie add-ons plus a surcharge. We were a little shocked by that, but when we asked about it, they did remove the charge, which we appreciated.

Overall, the restaurant itself is beautiful. The space is elegant, open, and very aesthetically pleasing. Even the bathrooms were stunning -- decorated in gold and white and very pretty.

Our waitress was very nice and attentive, which made the experience even better.

They also have a front dessert counter filled with beautiful pastries and desserts that looked amazing. I didn't try any this time, but I would definitely love to come back and sample a few on my next visit.

I would definitely go back again -- but next time, I'd try a different pizza or maybe explore some of their other menu items (and dessert!).

Carolyn C.
Elite 26
Albuquerque, NM
9 Italian Food reviews
Dec 13, 2025
3 photos
Excellent food and service. Restaurant is light and bright. We went for breakfast/ brunch food was so delicious. Restaurant is quite loud though so 4 stars instead of 5.
Super easy to park as Public Parking right across the street.

Sabrina N.
Elite 26
San Gabriel, CA
3 Dessert reviews
Jan 31, 2026
2 photos
Went here for my birthday and so happy I came here. Food was really good and loved the bread they give you at the beginning. Tuna tartare tasted really fresh, though I wish there were a little more tuna and less tomatoes. The salad I picked had crab in it, I wish there were more crab in the salad. Servers were really friendly. Place was really lively. Would definitely come back to try the other items on the menu. I didn't get to try the desserts yet, but they look really amazing. I'll have to come back and try it!

Bread and butter

Tuna Tartare, Louie, Carbonara

Nicole V.
Los Angeles, CA
23 Italian Food reviews
Jan 18, 2026
7 photos
Was walking by with my friends and immediately had to make a pit stop.

There's a display of macarons in various flavors. also a display case of many other desserts to choose from.

There is also a restaurant and bar attached so you can have a full meal, but I was happily with my small dessert.

It was about $20 for a box of 6. The line moved quickly, so you better figure out what flavors you want!

See all photos from Nicole V. for Bottega Louie

Todd B.
Elite 26
La Habra, CA
44 Brunch reviews
Jan 28, 2026
1 check-in
Food: 5*
Service: 4*
Ambiance: 5*

With some colleagues, we shared the calabrese pizza, arugula salad, grilled broccolini, and the white truffle arancini.

Calabrese pizza
Large, ample toppings, and the pickled Fresno chilies were a nice touch. The pizza was delicious.

Arugula salad
As you would expect. Well seasoned and tasty. It added freshness to the meal.

broccolini
The broccolini was tender crisp. Perfectly cooked and tasty.

Arancini
It was good. White truffle always hits right. The arancini insides were nice and hot. All in all a comforting treat.

The service was good, but not great. They weren't that busy, not bad, just not memorable for being welcoming or exceptional.

The ambiance was nice. Upscale, yet cozy.

Justine T.
Elite 26
Fairfax, VA
9 Italian Food reviews
Nov 4, 2025
7 photos
Such a beautiful, luxe restuarant with great food and pretty pastries. I loved the bright and elegant decor/atmosphere - it made the experience really enjoyable. The open kitchen was fun, too. We got the sausage pizza and it was some of the best pizza we've ever had - thin with an ultra-crispy crust and the perfect ratio of sauce, cheese, and toppings. My cobb salad was really good, too! The complimentary bread was cute and fresh/warm - tasted a bit floury but it was good with the butter.

I liked their macarons, though pistachio tasted a tad artificial and earl grey was slightly too bitter. The plain croissant and pain au chocolat were just ok. The pain au chocolat barely had chocolate in it. The chocolate eclair (with a chocolate cream filling) was good, but on the drier/denser side.

The atmosphere and dine-in food were the stars. The patries were gorgeous but nothing special taste-wise. Overall, I highly recommend - this was worth the trip!

See all photos from Justine T. for Bottega Louie

Denise H.
Elite 26
San Francisco, CA
17 Italian Food reviews
Nov 16, 2025
4 photos
Holy moly what a fun experience! Don't get distracted by the beautiful pastries on your way into the restaurant for dinner! (We almost did.) Definitely check Yelp/resy to make an easy reservation first - we saw some people get turned away when we arrived because they didn't have a reservation.

Our eyes are definitely bigger than our stomachs. Start off with a beautiful cocktail. Might I strongly suggest the pear martini? It'll sneak up on you, because it's so delicious. I'm a sucker for arancini's and a Caesar, and both didn't disappoint. (If you're not into the deconstructed salad thing, beware.) Our mains are pasta. Cacio e Pepe - so yum!!! And if you got the time and a sweet tooth, definitely try the chocolate souffle. It'll be piping hot when it arrives 30min after you order, but it is worth it!

Then when you're on your way out, get all the pastries to go! Their boxes are beautiful!!

Mimi L.
Elite 26
All-Star
La Habra Heights, CA
62 Dessert reviews
Oct 6, 2025
10 photos
This Italian restaurant and bakery has been around for decades. Hubby's work is nearby so he's passed by this place countless times. We decided to come in for brunch on a Saturday. Place is very spacious and open with a little bakery cafe in the front.

The brunch menu was bigger than thought. We decided on portobello fries, calamari, steak & eggs and lobster hash. Also sparking water, oat milk matcha latte and double espresso as beverages. The matcha latte was so rich and strong which was exactly how I liked it. The food was so delicious in big portions, I especially loved the portobello fries. Service was friendly and attentive enough for a casual brunch.

We would definitely come back for dinner soon, I really want to try the pizza and pasta dishes! We got a box of assorted macron to go and they tasted great! I will get some other desserts to go next time cause they looked so yummy!

See all photos from Mimi L. for Bottega Louie

Josue L.
Hazard, Hazard, CA
21111
Feb 15, 2026
4 photos
Had the most beautiful Valentine's Day lunch at Bottega Louie. The space is stunning in the daytime -- bright, airy, and effortlessly romantic.

I ordered the salmon plate and it was perfectly cooked -- tender, flavorful, and beautifully presented. To drink, I had the À La Passion and the green apple Paloma -- both fresh, vibrant, and so refreshing.

Such an elevated, indulgent spot for a Valentine's celebration. Definitely one of my favorite luxe lunch experiences in LA.

Rebecca A.
Elite 26
FL, FL
19 Brunch reviews
Jan 4, 2026
4 photos
Place was delicious, everything we ate was a burst of flavor. The service was great and super kind with great recommendations. The restaurant was super nice we sat in the back outside area and it was beautiful!

Noesh H.
Elite 26
Woodland Hills, CA
34 Dessert reviews
Jan 2, 2026
1 photo
I really enjoyed dining at Bottega Louie. The service was great, as well as the food. We had ordered the tuna tartare, meatballs, and the salmon. All the food came out at a reasonable time. The ambiance was very historic and charming. Parking is a bit of a nightmare, so best to just valet.

Tuna Tartare

Gabriel T.
Elite 26
Los Angeles, CA
34 Brunch reviews
Jan 2, 2026
I am definitely a fan of Bottega Louie.

I was only ever familiar with their desserts and pastries. However, that's changed since moving to the area. Their cocktail bar is phenomenal, the bartenders are experts at their craft and their selection of top shelf spirits is truly note worthy.

Our first dinner experience here we noticed everyone ordering pizza. So we went with the general consensus as there had to be something to this and boy, their pizza is delicious. I would never had guessed that for Bottega Louie but here we are.

Definitely still going back for the pastries but in addition Bottega Louie offers an upscale cocktail experience along with beautifully made pizzas right down stairs. Highly recommended.

Calvin L.
Covina, CA
420158
Mar 15, 2026
Service was amazing, it was a little loud in the space but menu was very eclectic and varied food was good and my partner had been here a few times and spoke very highly of it. We had a wonderful evening truly memorable experience again. The staff was very helpful and their service was spectacular.

Pam H.
Pasadena, CA
04040
Mar 13, 2026
One of my absolute favorite places to eat in LA. They are so consistent with the quality of the food, pastry, service and overall experience every single time I visit. Perfect for a weekday or weekend breakfast, lunch or dinner. I just wish there was better parking options, that's the only downside (the closest structure across the street is $18.) But once inside, the space is very open, clean and welcoming. My favorites are the portobello mushroom fries, Trenne Pasta, the lemon tart, pizzas, Benedicts and I usually try something new and have yet to be disappointed.

Ivan M.
Elite 26
Azusa, CA
9 Italian Food reviews
Dec 31, 2025
Love, Love Bottega Louie.

Excellent location.

Beautiful restaurant.

Great service. Great cocktails. Great pasta.

Not a lot of parking choices but it's downtown L. A. So it's kinda' expected.

I look forward to coming back soon.

Happy. New. Year!

Heather H.
Elite 26
Irvine, CA
20 Brunch reviews
Oct 9, 2025
4 photos
Ambiance is great, large, spacious. Quiet enough for conversation but just enough buzz
Service is formal and kind
Food:
Carbonara - sooo decadent and delicious
Louie salad - I am literally craving this salad. Refreshing, light, scrumptious. Seriously something that I will be thinking about for a while now
Portobello fries - kind of overrated in my opinion, would pass next time

Eleni Blue M.
Elite 26
Los Angeles, CA
33 Brunch reviews
Dec 13, 2025Updated review
Pastries are mostly very tasty there. Go early because some of them sell out and they don't get replenished until the next morning. We showed up at about 2:00 pm and did not see a big variety
We ordered at the tablet near the coffee bar and they called our name for pick up. Staff at coffee bar was very nice and helpful. Staff at pastry counter was not. We ordered lattes and the pumpkin cheesecake croissant. It was delicious.

Jul 12, 2022Previous review
He's a 10 .....................but his desserts are super pricey

Also, why can't the pastries be warmed up just a little? They are a bit hard when they're served cold.

Truman W.
Elite 26
Pasadena, CA
52 Brunch reviews
Sep 21, 2025
7 photos
3 Starts for the restaurant mains. I now understand why the Yelp "Popular dishes" show only pizzas and desserts, because these are their best items, along with some appetizers (the arancini fried risotto balls are really good.)
My friend says his grilled branzino was just Ok.
My 16oz ribeye medium rare was overcooked, with lots of fat and tough sinew in almost every bite. Should probably have sent it back but it was late (9:40p) after LA Opera and I was starving and did not want to wait another 25 minutes for a new entree.

See all photos from Truman W. for Bottega Louie

Dilyara B.
Elite 26
Los Angeles, CA
1053179
Dec 26, 2025
Exquisite food. Exquisite service. This place never fails to impress. Even when I've come here before moving to LA, being out of town, I chose this place to meet up with Angelenos for business meetings - and they were impressed. It really is that special.

They're also accommodating for large groups. In fact, I don't think I've ever been here with fewer than seven people, and it's always handled smoothly. Visitors inevitably gravitate toward the candy counter on the way out -- it's hard not to. The entire space is incredibly aesthetically pleasing, from the marble to the displays.

One note: with so much marble, the acoustics can make conversation a bit challenging in certain areas of the restaurant.

Rachelle D.
Elite 26
Los Angeles, CA
11 Brunch reviews
Sep 15, 2025
4 photos
Always have a great time here on anyway of the week. I typically come here alone to do remote work or just enjoy some TLC.

Ambiance is very open, aesthetic, and beautiful.

I primary sit at the bar by default, you can't go wrong sitting anywhere honestly.

During my latest visit on a Tuesday around 1pm, I ordered the Portobello fries, Lobster Bisque asked for the cream on the side (ridiculously good) & an expresso Martini.

It was very relaxed, with mild capacity of foot traffic.

My server at the bar was absolutely amazing, I wish I remembered his name! Enjoy!

Ashley G.
Woodland Hills, CA
0138
Feb 24, 2026
2 photos
I came here for dinner on Valentine's Day and service was amazing. At first I wasn't able to find valet so I had to park elsewhere but later I did find it so next time I will use valet. The wait was not long at all even though I'm sure it was a busy night for them. Food and drinks were amazing. I got the gnocchi and husband got the margarita pizza and we got two alcoholic drinks the green apple and unfortunately I can't recall the other drink but both were delicious. Dessert was also delicious we got the chocolate raspberry cake and the beignet but amazing and perfect. Will definitely be coming back.

Gnocchi pasta

Beignets and chocolate raspberry cake

Allen C.
Elite 26
Los Angeles, CA
48 Brunch reviews
Aug 12, 2025
1 photo
Ive never been to Botegga Loyie6but it was my daughter's birthday and they were open early on a Sunday. Lucky me, parking ride outside the door and they had a a plethora of macarons which are my daughters favorite.

I gave them to my daughter ina beautiful wrapped gift box and she loves them.

Ill be back they have some other items I'd like to try out.

Cute little bakers dozen box of macarons.

michelle y.
Elite 26
Monrovia, CA
24 Italian Food reviews
Sep 4, 2025
6 photos
Lovely building with some French cafe vibes but on a grand and modern scale

Allegedly this place used to be better but I think it was pretty damn good! We started with an arugula salad which was nice and 'spicy' Crispy shallots were surprising but good. Could have used some more lemon.

Got a loaf of bread smacked onto the table. Nice interior. The butter was hard and I wish it was soft. Also needed salt but they do have himilayan salt in the shakers so that was good

Pasta was the carbonara which was served with a beautiful 32* egg. It was gorgeous and decadent and 10/10. Could come back just for this.

They're known for their pizza And I see why. Naples style, it's thin and crispy with a **perfect** crust. Not an ounce of grease to be seen and the middle of the pizza held up which is rare I feel like with the stone ovens.

Overall, it's a yes from me.

See all photos from michelle y. for Bottega Louie

Karen T.
Elite 26
All-Star
Rosemead, CA
44 Brunch reviews
Aug 2, 2025Updated review
1 photo
So glad that Bottega Louie now takes reservations! When I last visited a few years ago, they did not. I recently introduced my partner to this resaurant, and with the reservation, we did not have to wait at all.

I decided to try the margherita pizza, which has mozzarella, pecorino romano, tomato sauce, fresh basil, and oregano. It was excellent. The slices were nicely thin and crispy. The portobello fries are a MUST. I would order them every time I come here.

There is a patisserie section with a bunch of sweets and pastries. I cannot help but grab a few things here since the presentation is spectacular. There are many flavors of macarons. I tried the earl grey, vanilla, espresso, and pistachio, all of which I enjoyed.

margherita pizza

Sep 23, 2022Previous review
Bottega Louie is a restaurant, gourmet market, patisserie and cafe, with full bar service. This place looks beautiful on the inside. There are two seating areas: one where you wait to be seated in the restaurant and another where you can seat yourself next to the pastry displays. There is also an open kitchen, which I really like.

Brunch: The eggs benedict was good, but nothing to be amazed at. I preferred the spinach and goat cheese omelette. The egg of the omelette was very light and fluffy. It was generously packed with baby spinach, onions, bell papers, and goat cheese. My favorite thing though was the portobello fries. These are a must! They were so crispy on the outside and juicy on the inside. It comes with a delicous aioli sauce.

Pastries: Tried the blueberry goat cheese macaron and I was impressed. I didn't expect to like this flavor as much as I did. I see why there macarons are so popular now. Definitely their best pastry. I enjoyed the chocolate eclair as well, but wouldn't pay $8 for it again. Least favorite pastry was the beignet. It was mediocre at best.

Closest parking lot is across the street. It is cheaper than valet parking.

Steven M.
Elite 26
Los Angeles, CA
166 Brunch reviews
Nov 21, 2025
1 photo
It was the type of day where I just let my wife pick where we ate, so for lunch I ended up at Bottega Louie. We've been wanting to check this place out for a while and her hankering for Italian food (which is pretty much every meal anyways) took us here. Now, I realize I probably made a weird ordering choice but thanks to us coming for brunch and not really being in the mood for some pizza, I ended up ordering the Cheeseburger and Fries and it was what it was. The burger tasted like a good burger and the fries tasted good, but it was a pretty standard experience and one I probably wouldn't make again. Since I jumped straight to the food there, let's rewind. This place is absolutely massive and located right in the heart of downtown. Not only is this a full restaurant, but there's also a bakery up front with a ton of different sweet treats as well. We showed up around noon on a Sunday and were able to sit down right away. The staff here was very kind and pretty quick throughout our visit, filling glasses and taking orders pretty quickly. The whole experience front to back was very pleasant and I have absolutely nothing negative to say.

Overall, Bottega Louie was a great place to grab lunch and a place I look forward to coming back to for some pizza in the future. The real takeaway? I really can't wait to come back and try some baked goods in the future! Gimme sweets, ya know.

Cheeseburger and French fries.

Darren B.
Elite 26
All-Star
Burbank, CA
89 Brunch reviews
Dec 2, 2025
Bottega Louie - DTLA

Bottega Louie never misses. From the moment you walk in, the ambiance is unreal - bright, lively, and framed by those gorgeous high ceilings that make the whole space feel grand. The open kitchen adds to the vibe, letting you watch the action while you wait (and drool a little).

The pastries are absolutely elite (the macarons are dangerous), the brunch menu is always on point, and the staff is consistently great and friendly, even when the place is slammed.

It's one of those spots where you can take anyone - friends, coworkers, out-of-towners -- and everyone leaves impressed. Beautiful space, great food, and top-tier vibes. A DTLA staple for a reason.

It IS very loud due to the wall-to-wall marble, so that's really my only negative, but it's not overwhelming.

Amanda T.
Elite 26
El Monte, CA
29 Brunch reviews
Aug 23, 2025
3 photos
This restaurant has been here for a long time, and I decided to check it out again after last having been here over 10 years ago. My bf and I came here for brunch and got seated right away despite not having reservations during what seemed like rush hour for the restaurant.

Food (5/5) - We ordered the lobster hash and the smoked salmon benedict. I really liked the lobster hash, it was flavorful and savory and filling. I wish the hash was separated from the sauce as I don't like soggy food, but to my surprise, it was still good and a bit crispy even after being soaked in the sauce. The lobster piece was big and the sauce was creamy and thick. My bf ordered the smoked salmon benedict and also liked it, saying that the smoked salmon was nice and not too fishy.

Service (5/5) - The service was good, the staff friendly. We ordered and the food came shortly after. They refilled our waters throughout the meal and were attentive when we tried to call them for the bill.

Ambiance (5/5) - The restaurant is big, clean, bright and bustling. There's ample seating indoors, with big windows, marble flooring, and a patisserie that's known for their macaroons. The prices are pretty high here, but overall it's a nice place to check out every once in a while. It's located in downtown LA but they have other locations as well. We parked in a paid lots a block away from this restaurant.

Karleigh E.
Los Angeles, CA
21863
Feb 24, 2026
3 photos
The food was absolutely delicious, we had the smoked salmon and the smoked salmon Benedict. Flavors were great and it tasted fresh. The only downside was our water had a floaty (looked like a chili flake) in the bottle, when we asked for a different one, the second one was brought with another floaty. Most likely from the closing team not properly washing/polishing at the end of night to prep for the morning team. Other than that, service was great and our waiter (don't remember name - sorry:( ) was phenomenal and helpful!

Kendra S.
Los Angeles, CA
15313946
Feb 18, 2026
This is one of my go-to DTLA spots, especially for lunch. I've been for dinner a handful of times, but I usually come for lunch especially when I have friends visiting from out of town. It's always a solid choice.

The service is consistently good, though it can be a bit slow when they're busy. I've always been a little curious about how they decide which tables receive the complimentary bread? On my last visit, every table around me got hot bread except ours but the restaurant was packed and our server was the only one covering our section, so I imagine it was just a timing issue.

The pizza and espresso martinis are my favorites. The macarons and berry tarts are a very close second.

Ada Y.
Elite 26
Pasadena, CA
28 Dessert reviews
Sep 14, 2025Updated review
3 photos
Came here for a cake, we got the La Peche large size. Surprisingly it was not too sweet and the tart itself was very well received by the older asian crowd! The custard was very light and creamy smooth, size-wise easily served 9 adults and have some to spare.

The peach slices itself were delicious, pretty thin, but some of the slices were definitely starting to turn dark by the end of the day

Aug 21, 2013Previous review
The place looks great, but don't bother bringing a friend here if you want to have a decent conversation. The high ceilings and marble flooring makes the entire restaurant into a reverberating chamber of noise.

There was a short wait at around 1pm on a weekday. But this was great time to explore the desserts they had out.

Not sure what the whole hype of the Portobello Fries came from. The fries that I had were thick crusted and flavorless. The "good" factor came from the sauce dip for the fries.

We had the Burrata Pizza as well. The crust was pretty thin, minus the edges which got insanely chewy. Flavors were great minus the burnt rapini :(

So far, the food was unimpressive. We finished up with a Grand Macaroon for $8. Fantastic.

Service overall was average, our beverages were refilled on a timely basis. Server was attentive enough considering the number of tables he was waiting on.

TLDR; Food was meh. Dessert is great.

Alexander H.
Los Angeles, CA
7 Brunch reviews
Mar 10, 2026
Beautiful restaurant. A bit too stale. I'll review the pastries and their pizza. Pastries are not all that. Macaroons are just ok. It's mostly all hype due to its perfect location and their cool trendy patrons. Restaurant is clean and fancy and all white making it seem super sterile. They want to make NY style in LA and it doesn't work but most aren't apt to understand. Service is rushed. I like asking questions to somewhat test the employees. Big fail. Employee was not able to tell me what flour is used and if their pastry had nuts.

Madeline S.
Elite 26
All-Star
San Clemente, CA
80 Brunch reviews
Jul 29, 2025Updated review
10 photos
I am so happy that I had the opportunity to come back to Bottega Louie! I absolutely love this restaurant. It is aesthetically pleasing with all the different colored macarons and then the delicious pastries and baked goods.

I love the open kitchen concepts too. You can view in the bakery, the kitchen and the pizza area too. The space here is sprawling! I wish there was an option for an enclosed patio, but it's a city, so I know that's really wishful thinking.

Our food was delicious - especially the French toast! I also got a couple cookies to go and the oatmeal raisin was delicious. I think it was caramelized and it was amazing!

Everyone needs to come to Bottega Louie at least once! You won't be disappointed!

See all photos from Madeline S. for Bottega Louie

Nov 24, 2024Previous review
I was told Botegga Louie was a MUST when visiting LA, and they did not disappoint! The first thing you notice when you walk in is a bright colored wall with delicious treats, the display case of rainbow colored macaroons, pastries, bread, tarts and more!

The restaurant is in a gorgeous building and the decor was set with intention. I loved all the small details - like down to the fresh flowers in the bathroom. It will make you feel like you are living in a bit of luxury for the day.

All the food and drinks were to die for. I ordered an omelette with a butter croissant, with extra butter and jam. It was melt in your mouth delicious.

The service was impeccable. Be prepared for a bit of a wait on the weekends, but this spot is so beautiful, that it didn't even matter. They even have a bar with seating as well.

Highly recommend coming either for sit down service or grabbing a pastry on the go! I can't wait to come back again soon!

Connie D.
Elite 26
Los Angeles, CA
10 Brunch reviews
Feb 10, 2026
Another amazing brunch experience here! Eggs Benedict was fantastic, service from Napoleon who was so friendly and attentive. Had to have a pear martini also! Soooo perfect every, single, time.

Cryetti C.
Elite 26
All-Star
San Diego, CA
50 Brunch reviews
Nov 17, 2025
Food: 3
Service: 3
Ambiance: 4

Bottega Louie is undeniably beautiful -- bright, airy, aesthetic, and just a really fun place to walk into. It has that iconic LA vibe that makes it perfect for bringing out-of-town visitors who want something memorable and visually stunning. I had a friend visiting from out of the country and staying nearby, so I wanted to take her somewhere special for brunch. I'd heard a lot about Bottega Louie and was excited to try it for the first time. We went on a Sunday morning during brunch and I made reservations expecting it to be packed, but it actually wasn't too busy. There were people, but it wasn't overwhelming at all. Parking is mostly street parking, so definitely give yourself some extra time to find a spot. They also have valet parking available, which is convenient if you don't want to circle the blocks. The service at the front was just okay -- not rude, but not particularly welcoming either. Once seated, the service was fine but nothing memorable. For brunch, we ordered the waffles, avocado toast, a burger, salmon benedict and a matcha latte. Honestly, everything was just okay. Nothing was bad, but nothing really stood out flavor-wise. I was honestly a bit underwhelmed. We didn't try the desserts this time since we had plans to go somewhere else afterward, but the dessert counter looked gorgeous. Overall, the ambience and aesthetic definitely outshine the food and service. I'm glad I tried it once, especially to take my visiting friend somewhere pretty and iconic, but it's probably not a place I'd return to.

James H. L.
Elite 26
Los Angeles, CA
16 Dessert reviews
Dec 8, 2025Updated review
9 photos
Still firing on all cylinders despite being the middle of office party holiday season. Extremely great service and attentive hosting. Came at 11am and immediately ready for meals at 11:15am. Party of 7. Took Metro over with an easy stroll from the West exit (Hope St) at 7th & Metro. So superior to other Italian offerings in DTLA. Always a great pleasure dining here (though based upon the relatively open table layout - this is a former department store location with high ceilings, I'm not sure it's great for romantic dining as it can be a bit noisy, but the wine and bar selections are excellent, including non-alcoholic options.)

See all photos from James H. L. for Bottega Louie

Aug 31, 2025Previous review
Always a pleasure, and never a disappointment after coming here for 12 years. A fabulous French patisserie and bakery, amazing macarons, a woodfired on site, pizza and bread, oven, and need to order Italian pastas, pizzas, salads, and equally great entrées make for a great experience for everyone from small singles and couples to larger parties. Created in the original women's wear department of one of Los Angeles's oldest and most luxurious department stores, this place stands the test of time from maintaining the highest quality and some of the best service available in downtown Los Angeles. Non-validated parking is available across the street on Grand Avenue between 7th and 8th Street. But it's also an easy one block stroll from the 7th and Metro West exit. They do take both Reservations and have a waitlist for tables. The restaurant is also ADA accessible. There are a number of V/V+ selections as well. Also, there's a full bar in the front that features happy hours directly across from the patisserie and bakery. Because this is a large department store space, ambience can be quite noisy and echoes because of all of the white marble surfaces, probably not the best place for intimate and quiet conversations.

Mar 14, 2015Previous review
After skating a Pershing Square, we noticed this while walking the revised downtown lofty-artsy-theatry-dog salony-still a few homelessy district.

Since an oddly large number of my friends have also eaten here, and I was just passing through the first-time to check out the bakery, time to eat.

Simple formula - avoid everything Carlyn ate, order things Clara, Megumi and Edwin liked, then improvise per the advice of their unbelievely well-trained staff.

Made the $20 pizza my own: 1/2 artichoke and 1/2 burrata - it's like having Batalli's burrata bar on a perfect 1000F fired crust. There: appropriate value for the price, accomplished (it's about a 16-inch medium-large)

Hit the mezze plates: Grilled octopus - perfect. sauteed kale sprouts - nice. duck prosciutto crostini - can I have a hoagie-sized version of this?

Trenne - triangular penne with a crisp-edge from the pan-fry afterwards with a rib eye-based red sauce that rocks (I'd double the sauce, just because)

Desserts - the peanut butter terrine figured out how to make peanut butter fluffy and wedge it into a napoleon - nice and not overly sweet. Butterscotch budino - went even better with almond gelato added. Ditto with those beignets (which, depending on your comparison with New Orleans, may not strictly really be beignets and more like round raised donuts...) which were great with some more gelato to go with the raspberry puree. Btw, croissants are great here.

The place used to be a designer fashion salon, so the high-ceilings do make it sort of like eating inside a cathedral, din-wise.

As to the difficulty with seating, because the place is so huge and the staff so efficient, we waited all of exactly 16.5 minutes at the peak of a Saturday night dinner hour at 7 pm for a table for 2. Bigger parties, definitely have to plan, because they don't accept reservations. However there is a open bar area to bide your wait-times, and there's always the bakery.

And don't forget to say, "Hi." to the blue-feathered fellow in the cafe area.

Lawring W.
Elite 26
City of Industry, CA
25 Dessert reviews
Jul 27, 2025Updated review
10 photos
Everything was delicious!! 7/26/25

Portobello Fries ($18)
The fries are big wedge-like pieces with some cheese/parmesan and come with aioli sauce. The sauce could use more garlic but it was still good. The fries were crispy outside and soft inside.

Louie Salad ($25)
Lots of flavor and the crab was fresh. Big portion! Good for splitting with 2-3 people if you split other dishes.

Hamburger ($25)
Medium well done burger was perfect and still very juicy. It's a nice thick patty. The bun got soggy already though. Huge portion and LOTS of fries. They were nice and crispy but not too stiff. Comes with three sauces (ketchup, some kind of spicy mayo?, and mustard) and pickles.

Pistachio Gelato ($12)
HUGE scoop and no artificial colors! The flavor is perfect and not too sweet. Comes with a crunchy sweet thing which I didn't like because it's too hard and sticks to my teeth. Doesn't break down easily.

Yuzu Calamansi Eclair ($8)
I personally don't really like eclairs because they're a bit hard and dry. But I love the strong yuzu flavor of this. Nice and citrusy.

It's pricey but a nice treat once in a while.

Street parking would be the best. $2 per hour with 4 hours max on some streets on Saturdays.

The server was very friendly.

It was very loud and hard to talk, and the AC was on very strong inside that day. The ambiance is nice though.

They have tons of pasty to choose from and coffee and tea ordering section too.

See all photos from Lawring W. for Bottega Louie

Mar 7, 2015Previous review
Their desserts are fabulous! The ones I've tried are really good. Lots of great flavors. I've tried tiramisu, passion fruit cup, etc. it's just too pricey, but definitely worth trying.

Kathy T.
Elite 26
Monterey Park, CA
8 Brunch reviews
Aug 28, 2025Updated review
5 photos
8.28.2025

I returned back because I suggested to my co worker to get a cake here. She lives in San Diego so this was all new to her. She thought only 85 degrees was the only bakery that had cake. I said oh no. We need a fancy cake for our fellow Co worker.

I'm going to change my rating soley on how beautiful it is inside. She was amazed by how beautiful it was. Even for myself, I had to take more pictures. Every piece of cake/tart was immaculate.

I can't give a five star just yet. The ladies at the counter, do they not know how to smile or greet customers? I think it's a lost cause.

My co worker purchased 2 beignets and a full size La Pêche. Pictures do not do these pastries justice.

See all photos from Kathy T. for Bottega Louie

Jul 24, 2025Previous review
7/22 we arrived at 8am. We went to the bakery to pick up a cake for my daughter's birthday. The pistachio strawberry cake to be exact. They have discontinued this cake. We just got it 2 weeks ago for my co worker's birthday (pictured). Now it's gone. They're changing the menu but it's not up-to-date. The cake was not a seasonal item. Had it years ago as well.

The girl in the front was unapologetically about this. She was like ya we don't have that. I'm like ok. What do you have. Ugh at this point I stopped listening the cakes she named off sounded gross.

I've been here so many times and their service just keeps getting worse.

Although their pastries are still top tier, I wouldn't return until their staff is more friendly. I'm not asking them to worship me. A simple, Hi how are you, do you have any questions? Simple interactions. But no. Basically what do you want. Was it too early in the morning for you? I digress....

I got the Creme Brulee donut. Excellent. Which is worth 5 stars....

But the review will be 1 star because of the service and menu change. Like in the another review, I felt like an inconvenience. The restaurant was dark so I don't remember the girl's face. She was the only girl at the Bakery. I should have got her name. If she's not a morning person she shouldn't be in the front helping people. I'm getting angrier the more I think about this.

Jason Y.
Elite 26
La Crescenta, CA
38 Brunch reviews
Dec 4, 2025Updated review
4 photos
Always amazing. One of my favorite brunch spots. Great food and service. Never imagined having a breakfast pasta but it was amazing.

Sep 17, 2018Previous review
I love this place. Food and atmosphere is good. Came here for brunch and it was really good. Had the smoked salmon eggs benedict. It was amazing. Their orange juice is also very fresh and not store bought. The cakes are also very good.

Aaron C.
Elite 26
Los Angeles, CA
8 Italian Food reviews
Dec 4, 2025
This place is an experience. If you love desserts, they have tons of special Macarons that people travel long distance for.

I love to sit at the bar and drink mimosas for brunch. They do get pretty busy though, so be warned you may wait.

Also worth noting they have never given us trouble over bringing our small dog. They've been very welcoming.

Be prepared to pay a premium price for small-ish plates on the brunch menu. I cannot speak to the other menus as I've only dined here for brunch.

The atmosphere is great. It's a grand space with a lot of tables to accommodate your party. DTLA staple.

Diane K.
Elite 26
Burbank, CA
17 Brunch reviews
Aug 18, 2025
10 photos
I went to Bottega Louie in Downtown LA for a family dinner on my birthday last year in November, and then again with my bestie on August 2nd for dinner.

I've been to this place several times over the past 10 years, and I really like it. Their Carbonara Spaghetti is absolutely delicious, and I also enjoy the Pomodoro. The pizza, baked in a wood-fired oven, is especially amazing.

However, one dish to avoid here is the Meatball Spaghetti--it was just meh and not worth it. Other than that, the food is great, the service is good, and the ambience is really nice. Their macarons and cakes are also excellent.

I also visited Bottega Louie in West Hollywood about two years ago, but since it's been a while, it's a bit hard to find those photos. Maybe I'll post them later if I get a chance.

One thing I wish they would do, though, is inform customers in advance about the fees they add to the receipt. It would be better if they mentioned it upfront.

See all photos from Diane K. for Bottega Louie

Helen K.
Los Angeles, CA
5071026
Jan 3, 2026
1 photo
Deliciously immaculate. Americano is very smoothly brewed. You can think of this place as 3-in-1 cafe, bar, restaurant.

- Parking -
There's an LAZ public parking right across the street!

Valet is $15 :(

Nanci-Nanciele M.
Elite 26
Stockton, CA
26 Italian Food reviews
Jun 7, 2025
6 photos
The service is impeccable! Friendly service with attentive waiters! Our waiter was able to describe each item on the menu we inquired about and made his personal recommendations.

The ambiance is unique in that half the building is a specialty bakery and specialty coffee bar while the other half of the building is a restaurant. The restraunt half was very nice though I personally feel that the tables are a bit to close together which doesn't allow me to say that it is romantic. Though I will say if the tables were farther apart I do feel that the candle lit tables and water bottles on the table along with presentation of the food would be considered a romantic place but it is a great date night experience just much more casual due to the proximity of the tables which lacks privacy for personal conversations.
We sat next to the pizza station which was amazing and swayed us to purchase a pizza in addition to our small plates and pasta dish.
Check out my photos, amazing food! A unique experience in downtown Los Angeles that I recommend you give a try!

See all photos from Nanci-Nanciele M. for Bottega Louie

Kevin T.
Elite 26
All-Star
Rosemead, CA
9 Italian Food reviews
Aug 1, 2025
9 photos
My partner and I had a reservation for this restaurant and as soon as we walked in, we were greeted with the smell of desserts and snacks. The style of the restaurant is immaculate as there's a golden/white sparkling when entering, similar to marble type environment, super modern and well designed.

Parking is a bit limited, no designated structure or lot but plenty of paid parking lots across/nearby to accommodate, not too expensive.

Since we had a reservation, we were seated super quick even though it was quite busy. Service was great, our server checked up on us on our order and refills very often along with ordering speed.

We ordered a margarita pizza, omelette, and a "must try" Portobello Fries, all shareable dishes. Pizza was bigger than expected but it was super delicious with a nice crunchy crust. Omelette is well cooked and has good portions. Although I feel like there was too much veggies and less of the omelette, nonetheless, still pretty yummy. Lastly, the Portobello Fries were an absolute treat, as someone who loves mushrooms and fries, this was a perfect combo. Highly recommend even for non mushroom lovers. Only downside to the fries is the container that it comes in, although great aesthetic, the pieces that fall off can easily make a mess on the table, not a huge downside but one to look at.

After the meal, we took a look at the bakery and we were enamored with the amount of macaron choices, a huge variety and super affordable. There were plenty of other desserts but we were too full to continue! We will definitely be back to try other menu items and bakery catalogs. Food was amazing, dessert is plentiful, service is great, and environment is perfect for a date setting.

See all photos from Kevin T. for Bottega Louie

Mayi B.
Elite 26
Los Angeles, CA
36 Brunch reviews
Nov 1, 2025
6 photos
This review is for the pastries and desserts, they're a must! The pastries are delicious, and the macarons are incredible. Their cakes are beautiful too, I've gifted them before, and they're always a hit. Service is attentive. The presentation is beautiful and elegant. I still need to try the restaurant itself (it's a bit loud though definitely not a date spot).

See all photos from Mayi B. for Bottega Louie

lisa a.
Elite 26
Seal Beach, CA
27 Brunch reviews
Nov 21, 2025Updated review
7 photos
It's been awhile since my last visit. As always the food is consistently delicious. Service this visit was a little slow but we enjoyed ourselves very much once the food arrived. We split the club sandwich and it was loaded with deliciousness. My frisée salad with chicken was very delicious.Love the whole vibe here and the bakery area is just so beautiful. Parked across the street $15.00 for 2 hours . Always so excited to bring home some patisserie's and macarons for the family.

See all photos from lisa a. for Bottega Louie

May 25, 2017Previous review
Wonderful lunch at one of my favorites in LA ! Great service delicious food . Fresh French bread brought out w: butter. It does get a little loud so be prepared. Love all the fresh flowers ! The food is always consistent and so delightful! The desserts are sublime! Parking across the street on Grand will run you $12.00 for 2 hours self parking.
After lunch pick some fabulous patisseries to take home with the yummy macarons !! See pics for my food all so wonderful!!!

Mar 26, 2014Previous review
Great service wonderful food ! Beautiful restaurant but be aware very loud ! We split the mushroom pizza$20.00 6 slices very good !The menu satisfies every food craving and dietary needs . We had
2 Caesar salads $12.00 each and one order of the famous Portobello fries$14.00!
On the small side the portion they gave us but it was delicious . One fruit tart 2 ice teas one coffee$ 98.00!!!
Nice atmosphere but crazy loud , if your here for intimate conversation forget about it. Come for the food and fabulous desserts!!

Fionna J.
Gardena, CA
572041
Feb 4, 2026
3 photos1 check-in
Came here for lunch, it's been awhile since I've revisited, glad I did. I had the black truffle arancini, Caesar and a latte.. the arancini's sauce was every damn thing the Caesar was well dressed and I love the crunchy croutons on top... definitely a winner. I was full by the time the arancini arrived but oh my everything was tasting great I'm leaving the review before I even payed for my food the truffle flavor was light but definitely throughout the dish, my server was attentive and explained the menu to me with much fervor. I hope to try the pizza the young man at the station looked like he was locked in over there I love a place where it's lively and people sound like they are enjoying the combos and food. I especially enjoy the big windows, and can't wait to hit the dessert side, the grand macaron looks epic. Will definitely return.

Michelle W.
Elite 26
Arcadia, CA
40 Dessert reviews
Jul 9, 2025
5 photos
Came by to celebrate a friend's birthday with brunch!

So we dropped by around 10:00AM on a Sunday and there wasn't really that many people. The interior was very clean and bright, which I loved. They have their baked goods right when you walk in. You're able to order through their tablet on the side.

My friends and I ordered a lot of the baked goods, I mainly got the croissants, but they all ordered a good amount. We shared a lot of them and two of my friends who are big on baked goods were super happy with what they got.

We also got drinks! I loved my Arnold Palmer. It wasn't too sour and wasn't overly sweet. It was honestly perfect.

The food was good. Nothing super amazing that blew my mind unfortunately. I probably should come by and try the pizza though. I got the Eggs Benedict, which was it should tastes like, runny egg yolks, ham, and spinach. I did get a different side though. Instead of their salads, I got potatoes. Unfortunately, some of them were undercooked.

Service was alright too, though it was difficult to flag someone for help.

It was a good experience and I would probably give it another try soon!

See all photos from Michelle W. for Bottega Louie

Erandi W.
Elite 26
Rancho Santa Margarita, CA
27 Brunch reviews
Jun 30, 2025
4 photos
FOOD: This is a great brunch spot in Downtown LA! Have been here multiple times with friends and the food is always really good! The Burrata Pizza is to die for! Their desserts and pastries are really good as well!! My favorite is their hazelnut beignets! I always get those when I go!

SERVICE: The service is always great. Servers and staff are always friendly!

AMBIANCE: Elegant and simple style! Very classy!

Jila A.
Los Angeles, CA
4 Brunch reviews
Mar 8, 2026
I really enjoy the pastel dishes, salads, and pizza. The atmosphere and service are wonderful too!

Lily C.
Elite 26
Hillsboro, OR
14 Brunch reviews
Nov 4, 2025
2 photos
This is one of my go-tos when I'm in downtown LA! Lots of space for dining, which typically means short waits. Fun layout so you can see the food being made and the dessert you can purchase. After discovering the Trenne pasta, I crave it every time I'm in the area! Fast service and complementary bread, it's a great experience!

Trenne

Bread

Susan W.
El Rancho, Pico Rivera, CA
6 Brunch reviews
Dec 19, 2025
8 photos
I have been wanting to go here for a long time. We arrived on Friday afternoon 2 PM. It was fairly crowded with a late lunch crowd and very loud. We parked across the street. It was $18.

I got the chicken Parmesan and my coworker got the club sandwich. The marinara was good. The chicken Parm was hot but it was $36. For 36 I expected fresh Parmesan and all I got was that little glass jar of that cheese . I don't think it was worth that and it could've added half of the chicken and a little bit of pasta not a whole bunch but like a little haystack of it. I had iced tea. Out the door it was $52 just for me. That includes a 5% fee plus tax plus the tip. The waiter was very busy and I had to wait quite a bit for my refill of iced tea. They had a lot of people bus staff and waiters around, but he was not to be around when we needed him.

The dessert bar was interesting. We were both curious if the Santa hat actually tasted good or just looked beautiful for $72.

See all photos from Susan W. for Bottega Louie

Cece Y.
Elite 26
San Francisco, CA
74 Dessert reviews
Jun 21, 2025Updated review
10 photos
Came back for lunch after 10 years and it's still good! Service was friendly and fast. The Louie crab meat salad tasted deliciously fresh. The complimentary bread was as hard as a rock, but it was free.

The Iced Pistachio Latte from the cafe up front was also nice and creamy.

See all photos from Cece Y. for Bottega Louie

Jul 7, 2014Previous review
I love this place's brunch!!! We came here on the 4th of July and had no wait whatsoever. Not that we would have minded because the bakery in front is a sugar addict's dream! Tons of cute macarons (wrapped up in fancy boxes a la Laduree), elaborate pastries and plenty of space.

The Lemon Ricotta Pancakes with blueberry syrup was scrumptious. My friends enjoyed both the Lobster Hash and BLT, but didn't like the BLT bread (completely toasted, so messy to eat).

They have tons of gluten-free options on the menu, so they won major bonus points from our celiac friend for that! Plus, our server was so friendly and knowledgeable about the menu. I'm coming back here for brunch every time I'm in LA!

Bakery: Their most popular macaron ($2.50 + tax) is the Salted Caramel, but I went for the Earl Grey (delicious and chocolate-y creme filling) and Pistachio (meh).

The only possible cons I could think of are the metered parking and lack of decor. It's such a huge, airy space that the blank walls and plain structural beams are begging for adornment - even just crown moulding and a few wall sconces would help. But those are the only negatives!

Paul S.
Elite 26
Culver City, CA
13 Brunch reviews
Jun 15, 2025
2 photos
Had a great lunch here for my bday this week when my wife took me here! Not only was the food amazing, but the service was on point as well.

Maddy (I think that's how you spell her name) was fantastic. Extremely efficient and attentive. We never had to flag her down for anything and she kept us taken care of.

I had the salmon and it was sooooo bomb. Delicious and visually appealing. I forgot the name of the pasta my wife got but she loved it too. We also got some dessert to go before we left and I've had no impulse control on whipping it out every night lol

Pasta

Salmon

Christopher P.
Dallas, TX
022
Feb 12, 2026
2 photos
Food was amazing and staff was super nice and friendly I love this place and will be going back!!

Nick P.
Elite 26
All-Star
Irvine, CA
34 Brunch reviews
Jun 4, 2025
3 photos
Been a fan of Bottega Louie for awhile. We used to frequent this spot over a decade ago. Love their pizzas, macarons, and open kitchen concept.

Recently came back to pick up some macarons since we were in the area. At about $3 a patty, it's not cheap. We picked up about 8 macarons to enjoy. The staff gave us pretentious vibes, which was kind of off putting. They put our macarons inside a paperbag instead of the paper cardboard boxes.

The macarons were good, but we didn't really like the vibe from the staff too much.

Git S.
Woodland Hills, Woodland Hills, CA
6 Brunch reviews
Jan 4, 2026
4 photos
Bottega Louie's bakery is one of DTLA's most irresistible stops -- a bright, bustling patisserie filled with beautiful pastries and colorful macarons that taste just as good as they look. The cases are packed with fruit tarts, celebration cakes, and French‑style desserts that feel special without being fussy, and everything is presented with that signature Bottega Louie polish. It's definitely on the pricier side, but the quality, freshness, and gorgeous presentation make it worth the splurge, whether you're grabbing a gift box or treating yourself to something sweet after brunch.

Nallely O.
Elite 26
Los Angeles, CA
13 Brunch reviews
Oct 22, 2025
3 photos
Came here with my husband for an early dinner before attending a concert at Walt Disney Concert Hall on a Sunday. The place was not busy at all and there were many tables available. We ordered the Caesar salad, Margarita pizza and lobster bisque. The pizza was very good, the salad was ok also. We absolutely loved the lobster bisque; so delicious! They being warm bread with butter to start. Would definitely go back to Rey something else. We don't really understand the 5% surcharge. We think maybe restaurants should increase prices slightly instead of having this fee.

Richie D.
Los Angeles, CA
16 Italian Food reviews
Feb 28, 2026
This French restaurant/bakery is absolutely stunning, classy and absolutely delicious food. The bakery is off the chain. This place is five stars all the way around.

Laura D.
Elite 26
Torrance, CA
7 Italian Food reviews
May 26, 2025
2 photos
I went in to visit for the first time get grab a little dessert treat with my husband and kids. The cashier was very pleasant and praised my choice in dessert choices.

The four of us shared a piece of decadent chocolate cake called Le Noir and a we shared a mini fruit tart. The chocolate cake slice was chocolatey heaven. The flavors are soft yet rich at the same time. It is not overly sweet.

The fruit tart was the star, however. The natural sweetness of the raspberries and blueberries were really brought forward by the soft and heavenly creamy custard filling of the tart. Underneath the creamy custard, there is a thin layer smashed blueberries - almost like a preserve, but it tastes very fresh and amazingly delicious.

I do wish there was another location that has more accessible parking. Downtown LA parking is never something that is easy to come by, but the desserts here are worth it.

Fruit Tart

The Noir

Nanc E.
Elite 26
Los Angeles, CA
17 Brunch reviews
Jan 7, 2026
The trenne pasta is top tier here. Can't find crispy pasta like this anywhere else. The cakes and pastries never let me down.

Angelo A.
Beverly Hills, CA
9655176
Oct 23, 2025Updated review
1 photo
A timeless Los Angeles institution still setting the standard for excellence.

Andre Miripolsky and I had dinner last night at Bottega Louie in downtown Los Angeles, and it reminded me why this restaurant remains one of the cornerstones of LA's culinary identity. From the moment we arrived, the service was exceptional. I started with a perfectly balanced dirty martini at the bar -- cold, crisp, and beautifully prepared.

Andre ordered the chef salad and immediately said it was the best he's ever had. I had the braised beef, which ranks among the best dishes I've had anywhere, period. Every detail, from the preparation to the presentation, reflected the same precision and consistency that made Bottega Louie a downtown landmark years ago.

Having grown up around fine dining and spent years working in Michelin-level environments before graduate school and law, I can say without hesitation that what they've achieved here deserves recognition. This place has helped define downtown Los Angeles as an international destination, and it continues to perform at the highest level.

Thank you Ivan, you did a wonderful job.

Highly recommended.

Viva LA and Fear No Art

Andre and I present two masterpieces from Bottega Louie -- the chef salad and braised beef, both absolute perfection.

Bottega Louie located at grand and 7th St. Downtown Los Angeles.

Sep 26, 2013Previous review
Great Italian food. Including wood fired oven pizzas. Amazing wonderful deserts and bakery. You can't go wrong.

Ceci R.
West Covina, CA
6 Italian Food reviews
Feb 5, 2026
5 photos
We love the food, drinks, pastries & the service. We are repeat customers & will go back.

See all photos from Ceci R. for Bottega Louie

Stephanie R.
Elite 26
All-Star
San Antonio, TX
17 Brunch reviews
Oct 15, 2025
8 photos
This restaurant has the best fresh pasta dishes and bakery items. They are known most for their delectable macaroons which I bought a box of to share with my coworkers. The layout is open concept so you can see all the chefs hard at work in your skillfully crafted and delicious meals. The staff were friendly, attentive and the wait for our food was not too long. We took a Waymo to this location which is in downtown Los Angeles. Waymos don't have much spacial awareness in busy downtown areas yet so the drop off was a bit awkward given there was not much room to be dropped off right on the curb. A ride share driven by a human may be able to drop you off more gracefully. However you arrive, you are sure to enjoy what you decide to order at this business. Highly recommend a stop if you are in town.

See all photos from Stephanie R. for Bottega Louie

Kislev A.
Elite 26
All-Star
Los Angeles, CA
264 Brunch reviews
Feb 25, 2025Updated review
1 photo
Of course BOTTEGA LOUIE has that new trending rolled croissant thing.

Of course their version is perfectly executed and is delicious!

No line to order at the to-go pastry section.

Getting a chair at one of their limited indoor seating is a lottery - and I won.

As always, the space is beautiful and has great acoustics (read: loud).

Jan 9, 2022Previous review
BOTTEGA LOUIE makes simple items really well. They make ordinary items not so ordinary.

Unfortunately, parking in the surrounding streets are awful awful awful. If you have a person who walks with cane with you, you might want to drop them off first. There's no guarantee you can find metered parking anytime soon though.

Seasonal BUTTERNUT SQUASH SOUP is sooo good. I don't know what sort of sorcery they did to it, but it's definitely not just "squash", flavor-wise.

Speaking of multi-dimensional, the AGNOLOTTI is like eating autumn in one dish.

TIGER PRAWNS satisfied my "salt tooth".

PORTABELLO FRIES are reliably good.

Oct 8, 2011Previous review
S'Mores bonbon made in house. Yup, the graham crackers, marshmallow and chocolate ganache were made in house.

Macaroons still solid.

Fruit Tart underwhelming.

Feb 22, 2011Previous review
Macaron tower!!

Food is still solid but the contant low roar of the various sounds rebounding along the fabulously accoustic-ed interior is getting to me a little. I know, I know... it is supposed to be a market... that's why I can't really complain...

Ethan B.
Lexington, SC
075
Jan 27, 2026
1 photo
Talk about personalized service! Pablo is absolutely incredible. A very kind individual and he treated us great! Food is delicious, coffee is immaculate, and the pastries are top tier! A very cozy ambiance. I highly recommend!

Cinnamon Roll

CB C.
Elite 26
Hollywood, Los Angeles, CA
3 Dessert reviews
Oct 1, 2025
1 photo
My friend from Boston took me here for a birthday lunch, for starters, the pasta I ordered was good. However, the beverages were sub-par and the appetizer/bread was okay. It was over-hyped, to be frank, the prices did not match the lack of quality overall. And the pizza was more a flatbread. I would give them another chance during dinner. The indoor decor was very bourgeois and felt like an old bank turned into a macaroon pastry restaurant. Our server from LA was very nice.

Gnocchi & Tagliatelle Bolognese

Mahshid N.
Anaheim Hills, Anaheim, CA
35212
Feb 26, 2026
Love this place but it's always busy busy and long waiting time, I drove all the way from OC to there and they didn't except reservations only walk in, then walking time time was 90 minutes, love the food and pastries but not the walking period.

Hilary R.
Brentwood, CA
3 Brunch reviews
Nov 14, 2025
10 photos
What an amazing experience! You walk into the most gorgeous bakery, set with in an old marble building with a beautiful open layout.

We were seated right away and service was outstanding! The girls and I were starving after our night before with twenty one pilots!

As all the plates came out we were eyeballing all the delicious food we saw coming out before ours. Top pick was Le pancake and the Madame Croquette!!! The salmon Benedict was great as well but would have loved an amazing fresh baked English muffins over the potatoes.
After eating we went to the bakery to grab some snacks to take home and share. The chocolate croissant was outstanding.
If you're in LA and nearby do go check out this spot. I will definitely be going back!

See all photos from Hilary R. for Bottega Louie

Tiffany C.
Elite 26
All-Star
Los Angeles, CA
22 Brunch reviews
Sep 26, 2025
1 photo
The restaurant is really pretty inside. I remember it used to always be packed. I think it's a cute spot for a first date. The food is easy to eat, good, though not the most delicious, and reminds me a bit of an upscale Cheesecake Factory. The waitress was working really hard. The meatballs were my least favorite dish.

Christy M H.
Elite 26
Manhattan, NY
12 Dessert reviews
Mar 2, 2025
8 photos
From NYC to LA this place beat all of my expectations and more! The layout is beautiful, the workers all work in unison which is great to see. It was spotless and beautifully setup. It felt like I was walking into a designer store but for food.

For a thanksgiving dinner this place was better than cooking at home! I went with my partner and we enjoyed the quality of the food, cocktails and the people we spoke to. Very beautifully setup and cooked. 100/10.

Pricy but worth it always!

See all photos from Christy M H. for Bottega Louie

Anthony R.
Elite 26
Reno, NV
16 Brunch reviews
Sep 24, 2025
Prior to visiting La we did some research on the best rated restaurants by our hotel and stumbled across Bottega Louie. We were sold and made a reservation for dinner. Once we arrived at Bottega we were immediately sat even though we were early. The restaurant itself is very open and also has a nice bar area. I liked that they had two different kitchens that you could see into.

The Pizza Burrata had prosciutto slices and burrata cheese on top. A great combo of creamy and salty with a very nice wood fire oven cooked dough. The pizza had great crisp and crust. The chicken Parmesan was incredible. Huge portion of chicken nice crust and delicious fresh sauce. We ordered a side of homemade pasta to go with it which was extremely fresh and delicious. Overall our dining experience was great and will be back next time we are in the area.

Fabiola S.
Corona, CA
3 Dessert reviews
Oct 25, 2025
10 photos
This is my favorite place ever -- hands down! I love their French macarons; my ultimate favorite is Earl Grey!
I usually go to the Santa Monica location, but I was in the area and decided to visit this one too. Not disappointed! The service is always impeccable Bravo! I definitely highly recommend it -- 5 stars on their patisserie!

See all photos from Fabiola S. for Bottega Louie

Diana M.
Rosemead, CA
3 Dessert reviews
Jan 9, 2026
2 photos
Vic provided superb service. If an Oscar's for bartender existed, Vic would be first runner up. He has mastered a tasteful and elegant craft catered to his guest. Drinks were tasteful and aesthetically pleasing. Ambience emaculate. Food O* to your mouth!

Pear Marino and le passion

Aimes O.
Elite 26
Los Angeles, CA
54 Brunch reviews
Mar 28, 2025
4 photos
We hosted our friend's baby shower at Bottega Louie and it was absolutely perfect. The restaurant is already stunning on its own--with its airy white interiors, beautiful marble accents, and elegant ambiance--but once we added our table décor, it looked like something out of a magazine. So many other guests in the restaurant were stopping to take pictures of our setup, which says a lot!

We went with Menu IV ($55 per guest) served family style, and honestly, it was worth every penny. The viennoiserie assortment of pastries and croissants was buttery and flaky, and the avocado toast with basil aioli and poached egg was a crowd favorite. Every single item on the menu was delicious, from the decadent French toast with raspberry compote and sliced almonds, to the perfectly seasoned breakfast potatoes, to the creamy Greek yogurt topped with fresh berries and candied walnuts.

The scrambled eggs were not as light and fluffy as I typically would like, but they remade them for me! The bacon was thick-cut and crispy (a must!), and the smoked salmon platter with bagels and cream cheese was so fresh and satisfying. And just when we thought we couldn't eat any more--dessert came out. The macarons were as tasty as they were beautiful, and the beignets with raspberry sugar and compote were melt-in-your-mouth good.

The service was attentive and friendly throughout, and the staff made sure everything flowed smoothly. Bottega Louie made our special event even more memorable, and we couldn't recommend it more for brunches, showers, or any celebration. We'll definitely be back!

Alby O.
Elite 26
Los Angeles, CA
20 Brunch reviews
Dec 3, 2025
Swanky joint if you're looking to make an impression. Italian food is fresh hot but be ready to wait. Quality takes time! My suggestion is that they at minimum serve complimentary bread for the table if there's a 20 minute wait or longer for food. They were glad to get life at this request but it's nerving to have to ask. Good spot for brunch if you're feeling fancy! We also got some yummy macaroons on the way out.

Audrey C.
Elite 26
San Diego, CA
132 Dessert reviews
Feb 16, 2025
7 photos
You can make reservations on Resy, which is nice. Nice open atmosphere but pretty loud, which is fine cos the food was delicious. We got to the restaurant 15 minutes early and was able to be seated right away. We ordered the arugula salad, Bolognese and sausage pizza. Everything was delicious and flavorful. The Bolognese was a bit too spicy for kiddo but for us, it was really good. The black and blue cocktail was good.
They do give you complimentary bread which is a nice touch. For the place being so busy, our food came out pretty quickly! (Within 10 minutes...we got our food before the Bread lol).
Got a few macarons to go ($3 each) and they were flavorful.

See all photos from Audrey C. for Bottega Louie

Erik G.
Elite 26
All-Star
Los Angeles, CA
53 Brunch reviews
Feb 14, 2025Updated review
6 photos4 check-ins
What We Ordered:

-Pistachio Latte Iced 16 OZ $6.50
-Macaron of the Month: Butterscotch Brandy $3

Pre-Valentine's Day Celebration with the Wife. We had a lunch plans at Tokyo Fried Chicken and had time to kill and stopped by Bottega Louie to see what kind speciality items they have for Valentine's Day.

We ordered via the app as this is the only method to receive rewards at Bottega, unfortunately.

We always try the speciality of the month and we opted to do the same today. The Butterscotch Brandy (contains alcohol) was very good and a nice treat to share with the wife.

The Pistachio Latte was okay, but the flavor wasn't evenly distributed as we didn't taste pistachio syrup until the end, which was a bit of a bummer.

This is a great place to sit and chat and people watch all the interesting folks walking by.

The tables need to be bussed faster. A lot of tables were dirty with crumbs and they are bit slow to properly clean the tables.

My oblivious wife put her arm against the table and when she lifted it up. There were crumbs all over her sleeve. Y'all gotta get together!

We'll be back again soon to see what specials they have for Easter!

Pro Tip: Don't be discouraged if you don't see the pastry you want available on the app. It's better to go there and see for yourself. Many times management is too busy to reload the pastries on the app. I frequently go to order on the app and several items show out of stock. but I see it in front of me inside the case. You can order it on kiosk or at the register, but you won't get rewards points as it shows not available on the app. Which is annoying, but it is what is.

See all photos from Erik G. for Bottega Louie

Dec 31, 2024Previous review
What We Ordered:

-Gingerbread Latte Iced
-Eggnog Latte
-Eggnog Macaroon
-Creme Brûlée Donut
-Raspberry Chocolate

I came here alone, and my wife was super jealous and complained that I never took her to good spots. Whoops! My boss (wife) had a wife coming up; I decided it was time to prove her wrong.

They have an app where you can order things and accumulate reward points. However, sometimes, they are slow to put the items in stock on the app. I went there around 9 am on a weekday, and items were showing sold out in the app, but they had them in stock. I was told that the manager had yet to load them into the system. Be aware! Some items claiming to be sold out on the app may be available when you come in person. They need to get better at that. When you order in person, you are unable to claim reward points, which is another annoying aspect.

The Eggnog Macaroon was great but it has alcohol in it. Be aware!

They were sold out of the eggnog latte, and instead of giving me a refund to my card like they said. A credit was issued to my account on the app, which is a bit annoying because I was told differently.

The Gingerbread Latte was pretty good! I wish we could have tried the Eggnog latte, but all good.

The Creme Brûlée Donut was excellent. I love the croissant-like texture and rich filling inside. It was a real treat!

The wife opted for the Raspberry Chocolate Cake, and she liked it so much. It was pretty good - I'm not going to lie.

I really like Bottega Louie, but why have an app if you can't use it properly? They need to figure that out and have better systems in place.

I would easily give them five stars for food and drink, but knocking two stars off for not being able to use the rewards on the app and not getting the credit back to my credit card for a sold-out drink like I was told.

Dec 14, 2024Previous review
What I Order:

-16 oz Pumpkin Pie Latte $6.50
-Napoleon $16
-Box of 13 Macaroons $40

This is the most-reviewed business on Yelp, with over 19,000 reviews! The benefit of living in a foodie city like LA is being able to visit so many amazing places. I had Bottega Louie bookmarked on my list for a while now. I finally decided it was time to give this place a try. I ordered a season latte called the Pumpkin Pie Latte, which I was told was very popular. It was pretty good. It wasn't as good as Starbucks' Pumpkin Spiced Latte, but it was much better than the others I tried.

I was also told that Napoleon was popular and worth a try. I thought it was pretty good. The filling was very decadent and sweet, which I loved, but there were too many flaky layers, which I didn't eat as it was too much. Eating with the plastic utensils they gave you was also very difficult. It would be easier to eat with proper silverware. I want to try other pastries and cakes next time. I don't think the Napoleon was worth the price.

The smallest-sized box of macaroons is 13 pieces. You can place a smaller order, but it will come inside a bag, not one of those pretty little pink boxes with bows. I opted to get two boxes of 13 macaroons as they were a gift for some people. I heard the macaroons were incredible. My friend said they were better than those she had in Paris. That speaks volumes to the quality of macaroons at Bottega Louie.

I will be back to try some delicious cakes, and I hope to try another seasonal latte.

Angela C.
Elite 26
All-Star
Irvine, CA
159 Brunch reviews
Mar 18, 2025
4 photos
If it wasn't for the pretentious vibes and service this place would be 5 stars. There's also no parking and they don't comp. Park in the parking structure across the street for $8.

Food was all really good, especially the sausage pizza and Cobb salad. The pizza is a generously sized 16-inch pie. The housemade pomodoro pasta was delicious too, but a pretty small portion. Presentation on everything was perfect and the flavors were on point. Really enjoyed our experience here minus the cold, stiff service.

Pamela M.
Elite 26
Los Angeles, CA
5 Brunch reviews
Sep 11, 2025
1 photo
I would like to start off by saying I did not stay here and eat or sit at the bar. I come here for coffee and pastries occasionally after leaving Whole Foods. The food does look really good and I would love to stay one day. I usually get an iced mocha. The service is really fast. You just make an order at a kiosk and pay there as well. You can order pastries there or go up to the workers in front of the pastries. There is never a line for this. Valet parking is an option or there are parking garages near. This place is beautiful, Very clean and aesthetic. The packaging is also gorgeous so it is perfect as a gift. There are a ton of pastry options!

Eric A.
Elite 26
Los Angeles, CA
45 Brunch reviews
Mar 4, 2025Updated review
1 photo
I don't visit as often as I use to but this place continues to excel. The service has always been the "best in town". Seating up front is always comfortable and refreshing. The coffee, pastries, etc continue to be top notch.

Latte and an "everything"croissant. Delicious

Everything croissant & latte.

Nov 15, 2018Previous review
Unbelievable!

We were just refused service in the cafe for the second time. I have been a customer since opening day at this 7th street staple of downtown LA. I am sad to report that service has taken a back seat to something ? at this revered foodie Mecca. Don't misunderstand my point, the food is impeccable, atmosphere dynamic, fresh and lively......but, and this is a big BUT! don't come here in the morning and expect the staff to serve you and your colleagues coffee or a croissant if you casually take a seat in the cafe.

After a decade of a service and customer focused approach to hospitality, I am sad to report: Bottega Louie has change their attitude. Apparently new Managment has directed staff to dismiss you to "get your own coffee at the front counter". Frankly Mr. Louie, this is an insult! What happened to this place? I can't recommend it for a drop in meeting nor a quick break. It's always a good choice for lunch or dinner, but this previously top rated spot has fallen far down the recommended list. Thank goodness there are plenty of options close by.

Sue Z.
San Francisco, CA
15693
Dec 8, 2025
I got sick from the lobster hash. Not violently ill, but enough to question the food prep/ handling.
My companions' pizza and smoked salmon Benedict were fine though.

Paul A.
Elite 26
Anaheim, CA
122 Brunch reviews
Nov 13, 2025
Huge space! They were waiting to open a section when we arrived, it was packed by the time we left. The food was amazing, I had a he bench pasta and my wife had eggs Benedict, so delicious. Drinks were on point too, Bloody Mary was very tasty.

Amanda N.
Elite 26
San Jose, CA
31 Italian Food reviews
Jun 18, 2025
2 photos
My boyfriend was telling me about this place. It's very clean and big inside. Lots of macaroons and other pastries are here, but didn't get a chance to try. I tried their avocado toast which wasn't bad. I wanted to order others, but had an adventure of food that day so didn't want to over stuff myself. The waffle was crispy and fluffy. Overall great place to have a celebration or just a meal with a someone. Parking is street, but my hotel was nearby so that was a plus.

Bloody Mary

Avocado toast & waffle

Ni D.
Los Angeles, CA
5 Dessert reviews
Oct 6, 2025
1 photo
I've been dining at Bottega Louie for 13 years, and somehow it never disappoints. Every visit still feels like a first love.

The desserts are as stunning as ever--tiny works of art that taste as good as they look. The pasta with jumbo shrimp was delicious (originally it's with lobster, but our waiter kindly swapped it since they were out that day), and heirloom burrata salad were perfect. Even the simple Epi bread with butter, served right on the paper-lined table, feels effortlessly chic.

Funny thing: for some reason, I always end up here with old friends I haven't seen in years--and every single time, we take a photo in front of the dessert display. Same spot, same smiles, different year. Maybe it's fate... or just really good lighting.

After all these years, Bottega Louie still feels like the heart of downtown--beautiful, delicious, and timeless.

Ann T.
Elite 26
All-Star
West Covina, CA
186 Dessert reviews
Jun 6, 2025
I've always seen so many fancy pictures of Bottega Louie, seen it gifted to people, and also have had it suggested to me whenever I'm within the LA vicinity, so I was pretty excited to finally try their desserts after so long.

We came during Valentine's Day, so it was quite packed, both the restaurant side and the side ordering from the to go bakery section. However, there was a kiosk without anyone there, so we ordered from there for pick up quite quickly.

I got the:
1) Beignet:
-I love beignets, so when I saw that they had one, I knew I had to try it.
-Maybe I've been spoiled by the Beignets Expressed or even Disney, but this just tasted like a standard sugar donut to me. Nothing to write home about. (Judge me if you will for my troglodyte tastes)

2) Macarons:
-I got the Grand Cru, Early Grey, and Salted Caramel flavors.
-They were definitely a feast for the eyes. Especially the Earl Grey one with the blue coloring and dash of gold. Reminds me of a precious bird's egg. The Grand Cru was a lovely bright red, and the Salted Caramel was a deep sienna color. All very delicate with the perfect texture in a bite. Sweet, yummy small treat.
-I just got the Grand Cru since I've never heard of it before, but it tasted like a slightly richer chocolate? Not sure if there's any hint of wine or because the cocoa was sourced somewhere specific, but its decent.
-Salted caramel had a gooey caramel filling, which was decadently perfect and the Earl Grey had a stronger tea taste with slight sweetness which was nice.

Would love to eventually try their restaurant and of course more of their bakery goods.

Sarah S.
Palmdale, CA
8 Brunch reviews
Jun 8, 2025
1 photo
Finally grabbed breakfast at the famous Bottega Louie in DTLA! It's a beautiful restaurant that makes you feel like you're somewhere in France! Definitely does not feel like you're in DTLA The food was good but nothing out of the ordinary for the price. I will say the desserts are worth every single penny! My family is a huge fan of the almond pistachio strawberry cake. It's absolutely delicious and the best cake I have ever had. I've gotten it for my mom's birthday two years in a row - so worth the drive from LA to Palmdale!!

I did find it a bit frustrating that their app kept saying the cake was sold out for weeks but when I walked in the store it was available?? It was also a bit frustrating that they couldn't hold a cake for me while I ate my breakfast. I had to quickly scarf down my food in hopes that the cake would still be available afterwards.

Smoked salmon Benedict

Charisse E.
Glendora, CA
5 Brunch reviews
Mar 31, 2025
5 photos
Love their pastries. Weird "table cloth", they were using paper? .. for kids to draw on maybe?? Thete's also +5% surcharge aside from the service charge and tip. Finally got to try their food w hubby and niece:

1. Started with bread and butter. Bread was cold but at least not tough?. Butter was awesome! Creamy and flavorful

2. Cesar salad looked good but never got to try it. Changed my order from cesar salad to cacio e pepe within 5mins of ordering. Guess it was too late so cesar salad was brought to our table. I told them it's okay we'll just take it but waiter said "we can use it for someone else" LOL. So I said okay. Approx Less than 5 mins later, table near us got it I can pay for it. But this is the first time we didn't get "comped" for their mistake. Lol even mcdonalds give away their food if they gave the wrong order.

2. Burrata pizza - AWESOME. Was a bit cold .But crust is buttery, . Very generous amt of cheese. Generous prosciiuto as well. sooo good!

3. Cacio E Pepe - it was good! Sauce pasta ratio was great! Bursting was cooked perfect! I was so excited , wasn't able to take a pic!

4. Chicken parmesan - tasted like frozen chicken parmesan ( Initially ). Unevenly cooked throughout. Lots of breading, etc. Hubby ordered the chicken parm and he kept making me try it coz he was very unhappy. It was getting annoying lol. Soooo when the waiter came and checked on our food, i straight out told him that hubby did not like his food at all. He was nice enough to give him a new chicken parm and the difference was night and day! The 2nd one looked like chicken parm! Lol tasted like real fresh chicken, not frozen. Evenly cooked all over! No burnt cheese! My niece was right, maybe the first parm was someone else's order and was reheated prior to being given to us, thus the quality lol. Hubby got so excited we weren't able to take pix. Wish we did so u guys could have seen the difference!

5. Tartufo pizza - perfect for truffle lovers! truffle overload for sure! Didn't like the pate too much, was a bit too strong for me. I feel like it was worth the price coz of the generosity on the truffles. Cooked great! It was great too try it but I don't think I'd order it again.

6. Gnocchi - was too watery. First bite of gnocchi, all I could taste was like water.. felt soggy.. sauce flavor was good though

The ambiance is really nice which is why I will definitely go back someday to try their other stuff. Food was not bad as long as it's not "recylced" lol. Maybe they were under staff that's why the price didn't justify the quality .. either way, glad I was with fun people who made the interesting experience very fun :)

See all photos from Charisse E. for Bottega Louie

Bay M.
Elite 26
All-Star
Mission Viejo, CA
79 Brunch reviews
Aug 3, 2024
5 photos
Bottega Louie is very well known for their pastries and macarons. So I've only ever gotten those. Until a recent invitation for brunch came around. We had reservations for a huge party of 12 on a Sunday. We waited about 15 minutes to be seated.

For starters, we got their Brussels Sprouts, the Modena salad, and a few orders of their Portobello fries with aioli (so so good!). Everyone enjoyed the apps. We ordered a few of their pizzas to share, pepperoni for the kids, the Burrata (with proscuitto) & Tartufo (truffle overload) pizza for the adults. Love the pizza here, thin almost chewy crust and they don't skimp on the toppings. We also ordered some from their brunch menu - the Farmer's Market breakfast was okay. Definitely way too overpriced and under seasoned for just poached eggs over veggies. Lol. The Eggs Benedict and the French Toast are delicious. We enjoyed the espresso martinis and their Italian sodas and ended with a variety of sweets like their eclairs and mini cakes.

Impeccable service. Love their pastries and desserts. Definitely on the pricier end. Loved the vibes and especially the cathedral ceilings. It made the place feel not as crowded as it was. Would stop by again for the pastries if in the area.

See all photos from Bay M. for Bottega Louie

Katie C.
Elite 26
All-Star
Alhambra, CA
48 Brunch reviews
Sep 18, 2024
4 photos
Relaxing brunch spot to people watch. We parked across the street in a parking structure. Our server was quick and amazing at recommending things. Don't forget to grab some pastries on your way out. Their macaroon are packed in cute little boxes, they were a bit too sweet for my liking.

Portobello Fries- batter wasn't too thick or heavy, crispy and paired with their aioli sauce so well. Parmesan cheese added the right amount of savoriness.

Smoked Salmon Benedict- served on top of a crispy hash brown! I would order this again.

Bryanna A.
Elite 26
Anaheim, CA
4 Dessert reviews
Mar 16, 2025
2 photos
The service was very accommodating. We had a big party and they were able to accommodate us on such short notice. The service was very good along with the food! Ambiance was also nice. I had the sangria which was so refreshing! Also ordered pizza to share and some caccio pasta.

Parmesan pepper pasta

Sangria

Joy G.
Elite 26
Long Beach, CA
18 Brunch reviews
Aug 3, 2024
1 photo
Absolutely stunning place to dine! The inside is so clean and all white. The architecture of the building is a site to see. The bar is so fun to hang out and drink and dine as well. 10/10 experience every time!
The service is always good and professional. Love Bottega Louie!

Soufflé pancake with raspberry drizzle

Mini L.
Los Angeles, CA
0101278
Sep 5, 2025
5 photos
My wife and I go here all the time for brunch, dinner and pastries! We also bring our guests from out of town here as well and they love it too! Everything is excellent, vibe, food, coffee and service. Feels like eating in Italy. We love this place! We're actually going tonight and I can't wait! Must go place in LA. William, our server, last time did an excellent job. He was very friendly, patient and funny.

See all photos from Mini L. for Bottega Louie

Ted H.
Elite 26
Rowland Heights, CA
23 Brunch reviews
Mar 9, 2025
A beautiful indoor spot in DTLA. There is no valet or onsite parking. I usually aim to park at LAZ Parking 725 S Grand Ave, Los Angeles, CA 90017, which is across the street on the northwest side of Bottega Louie.

So now you've parked, braved the parking structure pee smells, and walked across the street. Center yourself. Goodness is on the horizon.

As you enter you are greeted by the bakery/take-out, or turn to the host at the little table. It is helpful to have reservations, especially during peak times. They use resy.com BUT, if they time you'd like is not available online, just call them at 213-802-1470 and ask! You never know, and many a time they take me right away.

I have only ever eaten here for lunch, and it is usually a business meeting. It can be loud at times due to the glass, open air, and no "soft" furniture. But the staff is usually very attentive and doesn't constantly interrupt you, but still takes the time to refill drinks and be available if signaled.

My go to is their Cobb Salad, which is massive and full of bacon, egg, chicken, fresh avocado and all the good stuff you'd expect. Runs around $25

I usually get an arnold palmer, but our guests like the italian sodas...and there is a full bar. Get some baked goods for the ride home on your way out.

Skye R.
Riverdale, GA
03618
Jan 13, 2026
Pablo and Gavin are AMAZING! Their service was great and the drinks/pizza were better

Olena A.
Los Angeles, CA
8 Brunch reviews
Feb 3, 2025
10 photos
Bottega Louie transports you to another world where Italian classics meet an elevated French bistro experience. This location in particular is very grand with the high ceilings and minimalist decor. I would recommend just stopping by to admire the beautiful pastries and macaron display.

I was drawn to the Branzino on the menu which is a tender white fish that's grilled with tender meat and crispy skin. The fish was very well done - so buttery and rich, but perfectly balanced with the light and lemony frisée salad of watercrest. This dish did take a while to cook so make sure to order yourself an appetizer while you wait.

With that being said, I ordered the Portobello fries which are thick cut, portobello mushrooms, in a thick Parmesan batter. There are a lot of great reviews on yelp about these but I did not enjoy them like many others did. I found the powder to be too thick for the mushroom which made the "fry" dense. With the mushroom being a very absorbent vegetable, it was very oily on the inside. With the cilantro aïoli, it was a very dense and oily appetizer - a huge contrast to the light and flavorful fish.

I did, however, find the service to be very professional, and the waiter guided me through my decision to land on the Branzino.

I would definitely come back for a pizza or pasta sometime!

Chris W.
Elite 26
Los Angeles, CA
19 Brunch reviews
Jul 23, 2024
1 photo
Dessert: 4/5
Service: 3.5/5
Ambiance: 5/5
Price: $$$

This review is based on dessert only and not related to the food.

Me and my friends were craving for dessert and saw this place still open at 10pm, so we get on our car and head on to Bottega Louie. Upon arriving, the place was mostly empty since many people already done with their dinner. We got seated at the bar area and ordered a couple dessert with the bartender.

Two out of three desserts we order was absolutely fantastic! The fruit tart was exceptional and refreshing in a way. The pistachio gelato was probably the best I've had. A little note that I'm not a fan of pistachio, yet I had to admit that it was delicious. You can really taste the nuttiness and pistachio chunks and flavor.

The Le Noir was an absolute disappointment! It was hard almost like a brick. We were wondering if we came here too late at night that the cake is already tucked in some freezer. If that's the case, we might never know. But I can tell that the texture was hard when I was expecting soft and bouncy cake.

I'm definitely going back for the food next time and the dessert next time (not the Le Noir of course, i would stay clear of that). Until next time!

Dessert Time! (Le Noir in the front and Fruit Tart in the distance)

Stacey G.
Beverly Hills, CA
6 Dessert reviews
Mar 29, 2025
1 photo
They literally have the best macarons ever!! I love this spot so much I've been coming here for years and the DTLA location is my favorite.
Love that they have tables you can chose to sit and have some coffee or dessert or chose to be seated more inside to have brunch or dinner.

I love their Italian soda as well and their pizza

My kid loves them too

phil e.
Chino, CA
66949
Sep 6, 2025
Ivan, Ivan, Ivan... one of the best servers we've had in a while. He was friendly, patient with us, and we never felt like he was rushing us. He had great recommendations off of the menu.

The food was great, from the Tartufo pizza, to the calamari, to the Louie salad, everything was amazing. Would strongly recommend anyone to come to Bottega Louie!

Monique N.
Cypress, CA
5 Brunch reviews
Sep 27, 2025
2 photos
The breakfast was amazing!! The service was top notch. I highly recommend this place.

Rene G.
Elite 26
South Gate, CA
10 Brunch reviews
Feb 19, 2025
6 photos
Some friends and I visited today for my girlfriend's birthday. We got there right at 12pm and I think we beat the lunch rush because we noticed a lot of people tricking in after. My party and I ordered the Salmon plate, pepperoni, capricciosa, burrata and calbrese pizza. It smelled so good and we all enjoyed. We were all happy with our choices. This is a solid spot with attentive service and would happily return for another special occasion.

See all photos from Rene G. for Bottega Louie

Jasmine G.
Elite 26
Los Angeles, CA
6 Brunch reviews
Aug 20, 2025
If you've ever been, I highly recommend for breakfast on the weekend. I usually order their pancakes. 12/10 if you love a sweet tooth.

Michael C.
Oakley, CA
3 Brunch reviews
Sep 30, 2025Updated review
Walked in and seated right away. Our server took our order within minutes......about 30 mins of waiting, she comes to say that their wifi went down and had to be re-set, she wanted to verify our order. The lady who came way after we did received her order in minutes and the family of 6 who came in after 30 mins of waiting received their dinner! So disappointed! Very poor service! Not coming back!

Jun 28, 2025Previous review
As usual, service is great! Ambiance is always lively as this is a happening place. I had French Toast for bfast - I should have asked for the fruits on the side. Bottega Louie always delivers!

Jun 15, 2025Previous review
Great food! Very popular! Great ambience! We always enjoy the food we order: staff consistently provide excellent service!

Dec 15, 2024Previous review
Excellent food and service! Always busy as it is very popular. My wife and I always come here for dinner!

Brianna W.
Elite 26
San Leandro, CA
22 Dessert reviews
Jan 5, 2025
Food was a bit pricey but worth trying once.

Parking is very hard. You will have to find street parking or valet your car. They have parking garages near by that are worth parking in which is around 8-12 bucks.

I thought the pizza was really good! We got the margarita pizza. Pasta was ok but not worth it in my opinion.

I think that it was really hard to talk because the ceiling is really big and your voice echos.

They also charge a 5% mandate which I think is weird.

Mary B.
Elite 26
Griffith Park/Los Feliz, Los Angeles, CA
4 Dessert reviews
Jul 14, 2024
2 photos
We've been regulars here for so long I cannot even remember! The last couple times the service has been hit or miss. Today we ordered some pastries and coffee and wanted to sit at the cafe and enjoy. We arrived maybe around 7pm and it was nice and quiet. The two employees at the dessert section were so rude and had zero sense of customer service. Not only did they get my macaron order wrong, they never bothered to clarify that we need to sit to order at the cafe as well, and if we order with them it's considered to go only. We typically only dine at the restaurant so we are unfamiliar with the cafe section to be honest. When I asked for the cafe barista to make the matcha and coffee in a mug, she refused stating that it's only for to go. Anyway, we decided to just grab the coffees and dessert and enjoy it at the cafe as is as they said this way okay.

My matcha was made with regular milk which i specifically asked for oat because I have a dairy allergy. There was no one to help or remake the latte. When I approached the hostess, she was so helpful and the gentleman (I'm assuming was a manager) and as absolutely amazing. He was so professional and kind and had them remake my matcha.

All of this to say, they missed the bar several times today and this is not typical of this place! We've come here so many times and have never had an issue! I was disappointed with the cafe staff and the baked goods/dessert section.
Thankful for the manager and hostess who were beyond kind!

Sherwyn H.
Elite 26
Ontario, CA
26 Brunch reviews
Feb 1, 2025
1 photo
Place is loud and can get pretty crowded. Good music playing in the background and Full bar before the actual restaraunt. Plenty of good looking cakes and desserts with a coffee section in the corner to wash it down. Staff here is good and they work pretty fast. There are tables in the dessert area but when it's crowded these table fill up. Great spot for desserts and and drinks. Haven't tried the restaraunt yet, but will do in the near future.

Justin Z.
Los Angeles, CA
1771
Jan 7, 2026
Our visit here has been very pleasant. The background was serene and welcoming the cuisine was tasty and the staff were considered but not intrusive

Gabriel R.
Elite 26
San Gabriel, CA
49 Brunch reviews
Jan 30, 2025Updated review
10 photos19 check-ins
Pizza alone gives it a five star. But I love the NY vibe I get whilst dining here. So much energy and buzz. Today was Tartufo pizza. Pricey (full of truffle as well as Crème Fraiche ). Different but definite tasty.

See all photos from Gabriel R. for Bottega Louie

Jun 25, 2023Previous review
Bottega hopping on back to back days. Yesterday was WEHO location and today DTLA. Love this place and energy and vibe are always high. So today another winner. Pasta Pizza Pasta Drinks. Oh my! Ordered the Orecchiette Pasta and of course it was Da Bomb!! (That means good for the uninitiated)
Also paired it with The Black and Blue drink. Again good to the last drop. Lime and Rum always a good combo and the blackberries. Pear Martini . . . Well let's just say it did it's thing . . . Bang! Good Good Good.
All dishes were great. Well prepared, tasty , fresh and quite satisfying. Never a regret eating here.

Nov 23, 2021Previous review
All I want to say is BOTTEGA LOUIE IS BACK!!! Still amazing and certainly missed.

Will come back with more of a review but Beignets are still banging!

Jul 4, 2017Previous review
Downtown LA had so stepped up its game on the food scene. I heard about Bottega Louie from my daughter. This place is such a great find for food dessert and relaxation with family or friends. Their chocolate soufflé is heavenly. But be warned it's prepared to order and it's worth the 30 min wait. I love the fresh breakfast and do not miss out on their beignets. This is a hot spot for the LA yuppie beautiful people combo. But I love the atmosphere. Next review I will go into specifics regarding other dishes. But today we dine in dessert !

Joe O.
Irvine, CA
9 Dessert reviews
Mar 28, 2025
8 photos
Came back to Bottega Louise for our anniversary left a lasting impression. The restaurant offers a fancy yet welcoming atmosphere that immediately sets the tone for the night.

We started with the calamari, which was delish - crisp on the outside, tender on the inside, with just the right amount of seasoning. The crab cake was just as amazing, super tasty.

The main dish was undoubtedly the truffle pizza. The combination of a perfectly crisp crust, rich truffle taste in every bite, and carefully selected toppings created a flavor profile that was nothing short of extraordinary.

To complement our meal, we ordered their sweet dessert wine and a bubbly Italian soda.

Service was amazing - friendly, attentive, and professional. The staff demonstrated an extensive knowledge of the menu and made our anniversary memorable with the candle! I wish I knew the name of our waitress so I could give her a shoutout!!

It's worth noting that valet parking comes at a price of $20, which might seem steep to some. However, the convenience and overall quality of the dining experience more than justify the additional cost.

Highly recommended for date nights, and anyone looking to elevate their dining experience. Try to truffle pizza!!

See all photos from Joe O. for Bottega Louie

Silvia R.
Chula Vista, CA
7 Dessert reviews
Mar 26, 2025
6 photos
Great place to get a sweet treat
Love their kiosk to order coffee . So much space for a quick bite and meet up with friends either for coffee or the dinning area which is like a fancy cafeteria with hostess wearing all black . I'd love to work here except I'm in San Diego , very dreamy pastry sho where you can gift them and add ribbon and cards/ notes to them . How cute is that ! Guys take note if you want to brighten any girl / woman's day even a box of macarons or a little dessert wrapped with ribbon is by far the best detail of life

See all photos from Silvia R. for Bottega Louie

Mike K.
Chevy Chase, MD
5 Brunch reviews
Dec 30, 2025
First place that I ate on my stop in LA for the rose bowl and it definitely had its highs and lows. As someone who came from DC for this I had already eaten breakfast but they only allowed me to eat from the breakfast menu while ordering. That was my only critique as I was looking for some lunch, now onto the good parts. The service was amazing with my waiter consistently checking in on me making sure my water was filled, my food was up to par, or if I needed anything else. The atmosphere of the place is also something that was really special you start off by walking into seeing all of the candy and macaroons and keep pushing through to see the awesome restaurant design. All in all it was a great place to eat.

Jenny K.
Elite 26
Torrance, CA
24 Brunch reviews
Dec 24, 2024
2 photos
Restaurant, bar, dessert and coffee bar. What a great place for everything! We had dinner at sugarfish so we decided to get dessert at bottega Louie. All the pastries looked so pretty! Unfortunately there weren't a lot of pastries available. We went there at 6:15pm and only less than a third of the whole case had some items. We picked the banana tart, raspberry chocolate cake and the chocolate beignet. They were all really tasty! The downside other than the pastries not having a lot of options was the person who was helping us. She was not friendly at all. Curious about their foods. Will need to come back and try!

Raspberry cake

Banana tart

Janet S.
San Fernando Valley, CA
6 Italian Food reviews
Apr 5, 2025
1 photo
Personally one of my favorite places to go to in DTLA. From the brunch to the dinner menu, you can't go wrong with this place. Everything I've tried on the menu is good. I highly recommend the pizzas (tartufo)
And the lobster poached egg for breakfast. Yummmm! Our waitress, Grace, was very helpful and sweet.

Lobster hash, and croquettes madame

Tracy D.
Elite 26
West Covina, CA
32 Dessert reviews
Dec 7, 2024
4 photos
I thought Bottega Louie only had sweet treats but they actually have a full menu. That is definitely a treat. It's a pretty big restaurant but reservations are highly advised. If you're lucky, you can walk in and dine in the bar area. Our waitress was so kind and helpful. I loved all the food we ordered especially the portobello fries. Pizza is huge but that didn't stop us from devouring everything. I can't wait to go back to try the other items on the menu.

Ronelyne T.
Ewa Beach, HI
12 Brunch reviews
Mar 17, 2025
1 photo
Good food, amazing staff and deserts galore!!!
We came for an early Christmas celebration with the family and enjoyed every minute of it. We had Brussels sprouts, pizza, pasta and finished dinner off with macaroons!

Jerico H.
San Pedro, CA
7 Dessert reviews
Dec 21, 2025
2 photos
Had a meeting today and we got to have a great experience. Somehow we ended up at the bar, which was fine Va wise they were busy. I had the Paraiso drink with Casamigos Reposado, the best! Now, James Cardozo added or implemented another alcohol on my last two drinks, and it made it 100x better. It was great at first but at the end, it was amazing. I had the carbonara as an entree and it was very tasty and a great portion. My chef friend ordered a Margherita for the table and you can tell they make their marinara from scratch; as if an Italian grandma made it. To end I had the hazelnut beignets. Fucking delicious. James was not only quick with his bartending, he was also quick as a server and quick to accommodate all four of us with our custom likes and dislikes. The music was a vibe but I think they should stick to one genre because it went from Spanish to reggae to English quick. Idk but it doesn't matter. Great experience overall. Will be coming back!

Maryjane L.
Elite 26
All-Star
East Los Angeles, CA
8 Brunch reviews
Jan 13, 2025
3 photos
Today was my 2nd time here and I came to buy a little cake for my coworker's birthday because I love how beautiful all their pastries are! I have yet to dine in, but I definitely plan to because it looks so nice inside and I've heard many good things about the food/bar. I quickly made my decision and purchased a mini pistachio strawberry cake because it was sooo pretty, but the only issue I had that frustrated me was during my short walk down the street from Botegga Louie to my job, my cake was sliding around in the box without much of a barrier or protection to prevent it from touching the sides. It didn't completely ruin the cake, it just got a little messing because of the frosting. Other than that I definitely plan on returning so that I may try some of their other amazing looking desserts aw well as get a bite to eat.

Wendy Z.
Elite 26
CA, CA
24 Italian Food reviews
Jul 15, 2024
4 photos
This place has rly cool looking desserts, but the main food is pretty basic Italian food. The pizza was bigger than I thought, but much pricier than I thought too. Same with the bolognese, which tasted solid but nothing that supported the price point.

Solid place but not recommended for the unemployed

Melissa S.
Elite 26
Covina, CA
162 Brunch reviews
Jun 5, 2025Updated review
Got here on a Wednesday night at 9:30 before they close at 10 PM. My friend had mentioned that their beignets are out of this world so I decided to stop by and try. They only had raspberry filled beignets so I got two of those. I also picked up some macaroons. I ordered caramel, so the coconut caramel pistachio. Each of them were very good. My total was about $21 at the door. Their pastries are very delicious and in the area, I would definitely the restaurant decor is amazing as well.

Oct 29, 2018Previous review
Came with moms here before a concert at staples center. I ordered a pizza and she ordered pasta. The pizza was just OK nothing extravagant. The appetizer that really wowd was the Portabella fried mushrooms. It was so good. I loved them. You have to get a order of those. The decor is very nice and there's lots of pastries to choose from. They're obviously known for their macaroons. My mom bought some and took them home. The prices are pretty expensive compared to other Italian places but you are in downtown LA so you're going to pay prices according to the area. Service was great. Most likely won't be back since I feel I can get better food at better processes elsewhere. I ended up giving my pizza to a homeless man that was around the corner.

Gracie R.
Los Angeles, CA
61818
Aug 31, 2025
3 photos
Drinks, pizza, steak & eggs were all delicious... 10/10 recommend. Our waiter Ivan was on point with all his recommendations, he definitely has good taste.

Winnie K.
Elite 26
West Los Angeles, Los Angeles, CA
44 Brunch reviews
Jul 13, 2024
3 photos
Bottega Louie is a staple restaurant in DTLA. It's a beautiful space with marble flooring that make noises reverberate throughout the restaurant. It can make it difficult to hear table conversations. They take reservations for large parties and recommended for the busy brunch or dinner hours. They are across the street from LAZ Parking ($7 flat rate after 4pm) - convenient and much cheaper than valet.

For the food: They have many options to keep everyone in the party satisfied - order family-style to try more options. The bakery may be better than the food. They are famous for the macarons. Here are some of my favorite dishes:

- MODENA Salad
- CALABRESE Pizza
- CACIO E PEPE Pasta
- BRUSSELS SPROUTS & WALNUTS
- BURRATA & HEIRLOOM TOMATOES
- PORTOBELLO FRIES - Must Order
- TUNA TARTARE
- SALMON
- SHORT RIB
- LE NOIR
- FRUIT TART
- Macarons: SALTED CARAMEL, EARL GREY, LEMON - Must Order

Danielle E.
CA, CA
5 Dessert reviews
Oct 2, 2025
2 photos
Drinks were good, pasta was good too. But I do have to agree with some of the other reviews, the prices do not match the quality. I think it could be a bit cheaper.

Diana C.
Los Angeles, CA
9272
Mar 12, 2025Updated review
1 photo
I wasn't looking for compensation;
I just wanted better attention to the food customers receive. They understood my intention well, and I received a polite apology along with a credit and a gift card from customer service. Mistakes can always happen since it's human work, but I truly appreciate the kind service I received, so I'm writing this review again to express my gratitude.

Croissant Almond

Mar 9, 2025Previous review
I bought a croissant almond this morning, and I found a sharp, transparent plastic piece about 1 inch long inside the croissant cream. It seems like there was a lack of proper quality control at the factory. I was enjoying it, but it completely ruined my appetite. Please be careful to prevent this from happening again.

Kayla Y.
Elite 26
Costa Mesa, CA
25 Brunch reviews
Jan 7, 2025
2 photos
food: i feel like i've definitely had better and/or could've had this anywhere else. i would say to try this at least once! tiktok influenced me to try and it wasn't horrible, but nothing really stood out
service: adequate... tbh our server just took our order and brought the bill. didn't really do much considering it was dead on a monday night.
ambiance: hugeeee restaurant. so spacious omg! they have a lil bakery in the front and the restaurant is further in! feels like a big dining hall tbh

Jim C.
Long Beach, CA
4 Brunch reviews
Dec 18, 2025
Food was very good. I had the chicken parm which was way more food than anyone other than a professional athlete could eat. BF had the salmon and he ended up taking half of it back to the hotel and finished it the next day for lunch.

The restaurant is pretty in a very clean, sterile kind of way. White. Tile. Glass. And I know this has been the trend in restaurant design for years... but it sucks. Walking into the restaurant was like walking into a high school multipurpose room at lunchtime... nothing but noise.

Service was fair. Not bad. Not good. Had to ask for ice (or just a glass of ice) for the bottle of water more than once. The guy who brought our food (who was not our "server") eventually brought it.

Anyway... it was okay. Not anxious to go back. Too many other DTLA options to pledge my loyalty to this one. Four stars because I'm a nice guy and it's the Holiday Season.

Plastic B.
Los Angeles, CA
0120
Dec 24, 2025
This is just a review on their pannetone. But I just had to write one because it is SO BAD! It's one of the worst and driest pannetone I've ever had. The bread doesn't taste good. It's just meh. All the fruit inside is so sparsely populated and only found outside of the bread. The fruit they picked is so sad, too (just raisins?). I don't know if anyone at the bakery knows what pannetone is supposed to taste like? I decided to eat some with tea on Christmas Eve but this pannetone is so shockingly bad, I don't know what to do with the rest. People have warned me not to eat at here because it's one of those restaurants that's all decor and no substance so I haven't. I think I won't, after this experience with the pannetone.

Rachel K.
Elite 26
Los Angeles, CA
15 Brunch reviews
Jan 2, 2025
3 photos
I just came by to pickup some desserts for the first time and the inside was beautiful! It was very well lit during the day, and it smelled amazing. The fruit tart was perfectly sweet, tart, and creamy. I would love to come back to dine in to try their foods next time.

Nicole L.
Elite 26
All-Star
Los Angeles, CA
38 Brunch reviews
Jun 22, 2024
7 photos
Went on a date night to Bottega Louie & this srsly cured my inner child I've been wanting to come try this place since high school !!! To begin, service was SAUR fast we had reservations at 7:30 and were out by 8:10pm... so crazy. Food came out so so fast -- the longest thing that took was the pizza.

The true star of the show was the tartufo pizza (truffle pizza). The tartufo pizza came with three kinda of truffle -- truffle pecorino, black truffle pâte, soft cooked egg & shaved Umbrian black truffles. The bolognese was also so yummy but doesn't compare to how good the tartufo pizza.

Interior and exterior was absolutely beautiful. I loved the high ceilings and boujee interior. This is the perfect date night spot. There's a huge variety of deserts so if ya have a sweet tooth like me... this place is perfect for ya :D

See all photos from Nicole L. for Bottega Louie

Cynthia A.
Elite 26
Honolulu, HI
280246519
Jul 2, 2024
3 photos
The store is just beautiful with high ceilings, beautiful dessert display, convenient seating for enjoying a coffee/dessert and fine dining restaurant in the back. There is a bar in the front next to the seating.

Desserts are not cheap- between $12-20. But presentation is to the high prices.

Heather M.
Elite 26
Whittier, CA
4 Italian Food reviews
Jun 30, 2024
3 photos
Treated my family out for some fine dining and was very pleased with this overall experience.
Service: very attentive and present, it was nice to be constantly checked on.
Food: generous and delicious portions. We had the calamari, Italian sodas, sausage pizza, salmon, lasagna, soufflé, etc. We were very happy with all the dishes.
Ambiance: very bright and open atmosphere. What looks to be simple is actually a very beautiful architecture.
Highly recommend valet since the streets are very busy and doesn't seem to be any other convenient options. Valet was $15 and worth it.

Justin N.
Elite 26
Westminster, CA
9 Italian Food reviews
Jun 30, 2024
9 photos
A refined beer and wine list, with very exceptional food. My bosses treated me out here, and for how famous this restaurant is - I've never been here!

Ambiance is very clean, classy, and had an elegant vibe. Perfect for a date night, or for a special gathering.

See all photos from Justin N. for Bottega Louie

Isabelle P.
Elite 26
Los Angeles, CA
11 Brunch reviews
Dec 28, 2024
I've been here multiple times, both WeHo and DTLA locations.

I've had the sausage pizza, bolognese pasta, lemon tart, and macarons along with an alcoholic drink I cannot remember but it was delicious. I've gone here with my mom, reconnecting with my friends, and a date. I've had amazing experience all around, the staff are so friendly.

Dtla location is walking distance from my house and WeHo location is rig hr in the heart of where I work so it's a win win for locations. I think they have valet for dtla but there's not really any parking, like for most of dtla. WeHo, it's all meter parking.

Dan s.
Palm Springs, CA
0415
Dec 26, 2025
7 photos
This is a popular bakery and dessert shop, so its desserts and pastries are its most delicious and famous items. The Napoleon cake is the best I've ever had; it's sweet but not cloying, and even those who don't have a big sweet tooth should try it. The macarons are also a specialty, with many colors and exquisite designs. As for the other dishes, it depends on personal preference. The ribs are very tender and delicious, but be aware that the pizzas may contain goat cheese. The prices are reasonable, and the service is good.这是一家网红面包甜点店，所以最好吃也最出名的是他家的甜点和糕点，其中，拿破仑是我吃过最好的拿破仑，甜而不腻，即便不是那么喜欢甜食的人都值得一试，马卡龙也是他家的特色，颜色很多，样式精致。菜品则看个人喜好，肋排很嫩而且美味，披萨可能都带羊奶酪需要注意。价格公道，服务好。

See all photos from Dan s. for Bottega Louie

Martha G.
Baldwin Park, CA
5620
Dec 7, 2025
Service was amazing but the food had pros and cons. The goat cheese omelette seemed like a no brainer but was not as expected, not enough cheese filling for my liking. The sweet breakfast items were definitely good. Wish I would tried the pizza but had already ordered enough food. Maybe next visit.

Traniece B.
Western Massachusetts, MA
0812
Apr 1, 2025
6 photos
Bottega Louie is mid. It pains me to say it but it's facts. You can stop reading the review right here.

Bottega Louie has been on my list of LA restaurants to try for a while. Cute ambiance, solid reviews and tasty looking pictures. Let's start with the pros - service and drinks. I was seated quickly on a busy Sunday night without a reservation and my waiter was attentive. The pear martini is soooo good. It's a bit sweet but still very good. Cons - the food. I asked the waiter what they're known for so I got the caesar salad, portobello fries, Margherita pizza, and le noir for dessert. It was a grocery store salad, greasy and heavy portobello fries, flavorless pizza and publix chocolate cake (publix cake is a tad better). Overall, it's a casual restaurant with a high end reputation.

See all photos from Traniece B. for Bottega Louie

Supardi D.
Elite 26
Walnut, CA
16 Dessert reviews
Nov 30, 2024
3 photos
Love the macarons. Our best spot to buy.
Finally able to enjoy sit down dinner during Thanksgiving. Called in for walk in, half an hour before closing. They said yes. Arrived in 15minutes and was told Kitchen closed for walk in. Told front lady that we called earlier. Finally they gave us table. Last customer checked in for the night due to Thanksgiving night, earlier closing @9pm. Service was excellent. You can tell some of them are ready to go home after closing. Yet, they gave excellent service while we are there. The managers/captain kept checking the team.
Nice european decor, high ceilings and truly open space. People watching in DTLA. Open Kitchen. Too bad DTLA still has so many transient.
Food was good and tasty. Pizza has nice crust. Burrata and Prosciutto are great tasting. Branzino fish also tasty and excellent. Cooked right. Too bad, could not fit for beignets for dessert. Maybe next time. Overall great experience and good taste. Price is on the pricey side as you can expect. Valet parking is available for $20 I think or find street parking or parking garage nearby then walk.

May Y.
Elite 26
Cypress, CA
9 Brunch reviews
Dec 22, 2024
7 photos
The food here is really good. Price not so much but it is expected for a fancy restaurant. The service here is not the best as they are always hustling and hustling and you have to grab their attention. You have it for the most part when they greet you and take your order but any other time you will need to flag your server or anyone else down. All in all I would still recommend this place as it is a cutesy place to try. Above all you have to try their macaroons for the whole experience.

See all photos from May Y. for Bottega Louie

Rachel B.
Los Angeles, CA
23 Brunch reviews
Jan 1, 2025
1 photo
Love the food here, quality is CONSISTENT AND DELISH!

What my partner and I have tried:
- eggs Benedict (traditional if you take the sautéed spinach off... absolutely yum).
- salmon bagel (not salty and full of flavor).
- almond croissants (flakey, not too sweet/buttery. Honestly it is well balanced and sooo good)!
- Louie salad (the crab is AMAZING)
- Lob bisque (it was good but TOO RICH for me personally).
- cold brew (smooth and delish)
- Pistachio cake (mousse) - soo good with no flavor overpowering another. Fluffy and creamy!
- Amour (heart) cake - flourless cake but I personally don't care for the raspberry in it. But still good!

Overall everything we have tried has been outstanding!

Service - servers/hostesses are kind. They seems like they are always busy.
Ambiance - lovely.

I don't care for the fact that the restaurant charged a 5% restaurant fee. I understood during the pandemic but I do feel like it's extra change that is unnecessary.

Baked goods

Sarah O.
Elite 26
Santa Clarita, CA
26 Italian Food reviews
Jun 13, 2024
3 photos
This place has been on my brunch list for years to try. I have come here in the past for drinks and dessert which have both been great experiences. But brunch has been my favorite experience here !! All the employees are extremely nice and helpful, the waiter even let us have a champagne glass for my nephews OJ so we could toast his graduation!

The location itself is decorated beautifully! All the white and gold tones along with the open concept makes the place feel so bright!

The tartufo pizza was amazing! It's a perfect brunch pizza to share. The eggs any style plate was also the classic breakfast made perfectly.

The mimosa was exactly how I like it, 99% champagne and 1% OJ! Highly recommend this place!

Channary V.
Elite 26
City of Industry, CA
27 Dessert reviews
Jun 13, 2024
5 photos
It was our intention to come here for some kinks and dreams, but we ended up sitting for a while, and grabbing their appetizer as well. I'd say the price in a little high but myself in the DTLA, so that makes sense.

We got great service, the lady was attentive to all our diet and preference. I saw they have personal chef for pizza who baked the dough by hand and all ingredients by the oven near by our seat, that was cool to watch your pizza being made, it reminds me of Venice trip, it's a cute place for a date for sure!

Tip - street or valet, and structure $10 parking.

See all photos from Channary V. for Bottega Louie

Robert L.
Northridge, CA
21 Brunch reviews
Jul 13, 2025
My wife and I had dinner last night at Bottega Louie before a performance at the Ahmanson Theatre.
We had dined here previously. Large, beautiful, modern and just a bit loud.
We shared a Crab Louie salad and the chicken parmigiana. Both were excellent with large portions. For dessert we shared the beignets with raspberry sauce. Wonderful, like warm jelly filled donuts with a side raspberry sauce.
Our waiter, a very tall bald gentleman, was outstanding and deserves so much of the credit for our wonderful experience at Bottega Louie. We shall return!

Grace B.
Long Beach, CA
3 Brunch reviews
Aug 11, 2025
1 photo
Naturally, the food is bomb AF but that A+ service from KEVIN is what keeps me coming back. If y'all dine here, make sure to bee seated in KEVIN's SECTION! His attention to detail, hospitality & he truly cares about the experience he's creating! Well done!

ITS KEVIN!!!

Vandana V.
Long Beach, CA
3 Italian Food reviews
Dec 14, 2025
Absolutely amazing restaurant! Highly recommend. I had the carbonara spaghetti and my husband called for a prosciutto pizza. They both were delicious! We also had the macaroons and that's a must try!

Gabriel M.
Los Angeles, CA
034
May 22, 2025
2 photos
Bottega Louie is a one of a kind restaurant in Downtown LA. The interior space and dining area is beautiful with high ceilings and makes the dining experience feel special and grand. The food is always impeccably prepared and delicious. I really like the open kitchen where you can see the kitchen staff working hard to prepare the meals. This is a place you to have to experience and see for yourself because words don't do it justice.

Morgan H.
Elite 26
Long Beach, CA
220 Brunch reviews
Mar 27, 2024
1 photo
We made a last minute reservation for 1:30pm on a Saturday and I was glad we had one because this place was buzzing! It's been around for quite some time now and hasn't waned in popularity. The interior is lavish and bright with tall ceilings. Upon entering you're greeted by their colorful display of fresh macarons and a full patisserie. It's a good idea to pick up a sweet treat after your meal.

At the time of our reservation the brunch menu was being served. The menu seems to be a mix of French and Italian, and they offer traditional brunch options as well. We decided to split the Mache salad which was exquisite. So bright and fresh, it was a mix of flavorful shredded roasted chicken, celery, avocado, julienned snap peas and a lemon vinaigrette with micro viola flowers. Stunning.

We rounded out the meal with the Burrata Pizza. It's topped with mozzarella, super fresh burrata and prosciutto, and a bit of sautéed rapini. You can see them cooking it in the open woodfired pizza oven and they are LARGE. You could split one between 3-4 people depending on what else you order. We absolutely loved it and took home leftovers.

Burrata Pizza

Jamie L.
Walnut Creek, CA
32 Italian Food reviews
Jun 9, 2025
2 photos
Made a reservation for a weekday lunch and was seated immediately. Second time eating lunch at this location - acoustics make it very noisy so it's easier to have mules with small groups since large groups might not be able to hear each other well. Ordered the Portobello fries (very interesting & good aïoli), avocado, toast (kind of taste tasteless), carbonara (pretty good), club sandwich (meh.) Service was friendly, attentive and pretty quick.

Avocado Toast

Grace N.
Elite 26
All-Star
Long Beach, CA
100 Brunch reviews
Sep 25, 2024
8 photos
I love Bottega Louie now and forever!!! They've been here for over a decade or even longer and they are still one of the best macarons I have ever had! I love love their earl grey macarons and their coffee! The cafe is still loud as ever and you will have to shout and scream to carry out a convo but that is their signature. I love the vibe here. It's downtown LA for you! Highly recommend!

See all photos from Grace N. for Bottega Louie

Lida M.
Ontario, CA
6 Brunch reviews
Dec 8, 2025
I love going there for the macarons! They are delicious and have other amazing deserts. The service was great , food and drinks could have been better. No flavor on the breakfast potatoes, but the pizza was really good and fresh.

Dina S.
Canoga Park, San Fernando Valley, CA
040
Feb 8, 2026
Food was so good and authentic! The place was nice and the staff was friendly and welcoming

Claire C.
Elite 26
San Francisco, CA
17 Brunch reviews
Nov 20, 2024
4 photos
I LOVED this place! such a cute brunch spot with the best food and gift options too. Need a reservation ahead of time and parking is tough but it is well worth it. The interior is very much afternoon tea vibes. There's a huge dining area with high ceilings and it felt very spacious even though it was packed on a Saturday morning. The pizza was very well made and portions were so large we needed a take out box.

Melina Z.
Los Angeles, CA
092
Feb 6, 2026
Lovely food and ambiance. You can never go wrong with Bottega Louie! Every time I've been there, I've been satisfied.

Christian R.
Fontana, CA
090
Dec 4, 2025
I rarely write reviews, but Bottega in LA left me no choice. Where do I even start? The management and host could teach a masterclass in rudeness--apparently courtesy is optional here. And if you have leftovers you wanna take home? They don't box the food for you--they just hand you a box with your leftovers and let you figure it out yourself. And the bread... oh, the bread... stale, sad, and frankly offensive to carbs everywhere. Service was painfully slow and disinterested, like they were doing us a favor by showing up at all. I love Italian food, but Bottega made me question why I even bother leaving my house. If you want charm, warmth, and food that actually travels well, keep walking.

Ron P.
Cerritos, CA
12 Dessert reviews
Apr 26, 2025
We went on a Sunday brunch and place is not packed. Their food presentation is absolutely gorgeous. We had the portobello mushroom fries and it was a bomb. The salmon benedict is ok, lobster hash is good and the tiramisu is delish. We tried some pastries to go and nothing special with their aesthetic looking patries except for their Napoleon and Tiramisu which are both highly recommended.

Maryellen S.
Elite 26
Cary, NC
43 Brunch reviews
May 10, 2024
4 photos
A really lovely restaurant with high ceilings, lots of windows, great food, service and an upscale but chill vibe.

The desert case is out of this world. The deserts look like individual pieces of art.

I went here for breakfast several times. It's pricey but more like an experience vs. just going to any old restaurant.

Tip: Try Little Sister across the street for dinner...make a reservation.

Aaron S.
Greenfield, CA
013
Jul 29, 2025
1 photo
Steak was mid asf for the price (65) was expecting a nice cut of steak
Service was very good always checking up on us
Place felt sad

Steak

Joe I.
Elite 26
Saint Paul, MN
69 Brunch reviews
Apr 6, 2025
Had a real bummer of an experience nearby for dinner, and wanted to try something fun for desert, so I searched desert in Yelp and this place was only a block and a half away! Sat at a little bar counter and the bartender was friendly and clearly knew his stuff. I had two old fashioned and they were very good. Also had chocolate gelato, which was the perfect treat I needed after the bad dinner experience. If you are looking for a fun desert spot, this is it.

Tiffany R.
Elite 26
San Mateo, CA
28 Brunch reviews
Nov 8, 2024
1 photo
upscale Italian restaurant and patisserie that's widely celebrated for both its dining and aesthetic experiences. bustling atmosphere with classic Italian elegance.

The interior at Bottega Louie is sleek and bright, with a Parisian theme with colorful displays of pastries and macarons.

Wide selection of foods. Try the beignets for dessert!!

Beignets with raspberries

Yas A.
Los Angeles, CA
9 Italian Food reviews
Feb 9, 2025
1 photo
The environment is super noisy but very cool either way high ceiling and nice ambient.
The staff is super polite and nice.
We were there for the business meeting and we had pizza, pasta,steak and salmon and all of them were yummy.
We had a mix of deserts and I love the chocolate desert the most.

Deserts

Raquel V.
Arcadia, CA
6 Brunch reviews
Nov 11, 2025
Bottega Louie is always a treat! It's elegant, lively, and the food is absolutely delicious. My daughter and I love coming here--the atmosphere feels special every time, and everything from the pastries to the pastas is perfection. One of our favorite places in the city

arno b.
Burbank, CA
7 Dessert reviews
Nov 1, 2025
Amazing food and even better desserts! Every dish was packed with flavor and beautifully presented. The vibe is classy yet relaxed, and the service was top-notch. Definitely one of my new favorite spots in Downtown LA -- can't wait to go back!

Gerald K.
San Francisco, CA
020
Jan 31, 2026
Pretty disappointing experience. Still sitting here. They have a Dine LA option but they are "out of most options" but don't tell you until after you order and the first course arrives. Literally the Patisserie is out of all three options. Including an affogato. Really out of vanilla ice cream and espresso. Hmm. Seems suspect to me. We won't be back

Johnny W.
Elite 26
Tucson, AZ
20 Italian Food reviews
Oct 30, 2024
8 photos
Great food, service and ambiance! This place is very popular with tourists and locals. Make sure you use Resy to book your table to avoid waiting too long. We enjoyed our meal it and our courses came out on time. My favorite dishes was the trenne which had a crispy penne pasta with braised beef. The sauce was excellent and I have never had my penne pasta prepared in that way. The cacio de peppe was good, but nothing to write home about. It lacked flavor and I wished we ordered a pizza instead of that dish. Overall we had a wonderful experience and will give this place another visit. Cheers!

See all photos from Johnny W. for Bottega Louie

Kimmy H.
Elite 26
Culver City, CA
10 Dessert reviews
Feb 9, 2024
9 photos
Food was yummy we really enjoyed the cheeseburger & fries, portobello fries (chefs kiss ), waffles and bacon, traditional breakfast, pepperoni pizza, and club sandwich (very small bite-size.)

Not so good: The crispy calamari blah needs salt and veggie pizza was very bland. The chocolate eclair looked good but was horribly dry and stale.

Good service!

Ambience: love the decor beautiful and fresh flowers throughout, a showcase of delicious desserts and fresh coffee brewing , a cool fully stocked bar.

Con: the noise level is extremely loud during prime hours. I dined w/ family in their 80's and it was annoyingly too loud for them they couldn't hear or talk over the noise, but overall they enjoyed themselves.

Enjoy!

See all photos from Kimmy H. for Bottega Louie

Lissa L.
Elite 26
All-Star
La Verne, CA
12 Brunch reviews
Feb 27, 2024
3 photos
Bottega Louie's all-white interiors are the perfect backdrop for the star of the show - the pastries in the display case and the food. Your eye is drawn to the colors displayed on the wall (they offer boxed chocolates and sprinkles-covered pretzels) to entice you into buying their treats. It's a great way to minimize visual clutter.

The service was top-notch. The servers are knowledgeable about the food and the alcoholic beverages offered. They make it a point to ask about allergies and food sensitivities. This is LA, after all. ;)

My short rib was enjoyable. The tender meat along with some polenta and that savory sauce made for the perfect bite.

Their portobello fries were crispy and not overly battered. It was just crunch after satisfying crunch in my mouth. Paired with their green sauce, it was *chef's kiss* an excellent appetizer.

My hubby had the club sandwich and it was an elevated version of the classic. The potato chips were made in-house and didn't feel greasy. Just thick, hearty and starchy goodness!

One issue I had was the lack of any acoustic control. It was difficult to hear everybody else at the table. I'm not sure why, but it sounded louder in there than it actually was. We were there on a weeknight and given that it was around 8pm, there were few guests. Perhaps a sound engineer could come over and see what could be done. The sounds tended to saturate only in some areas.

Another issue I had was that the server kept forgetting my drink order. It was minor, though I had to follow up with him twice, and another time with the guy who brought us dessert. It was only when I was done with my meal that he remembered to finally bring it, along with a slightly audible apology. It's okay. The food and the ambiance made up for it. Bottega Louie will always live up to your expectations. :o)

Joy D.
Elite 26
Torrance, CA
27 Brunch reviews
Apr 28, 2024
Do NOT come on Saturday or Sunday between 2:45 PM-3:15 PM. You will not get seated. They stop brunch and transition into dinner. This is a HUGE issue when it comes to timed parking meter which is the majority of parking in the area.

It would be nice if they considered their guests and relayed that information online.

It's stressful enough trying to park DT.

Gretel Y.
Elite 26
All-Star
Gilbert, AZ
105 Dessert reviews
Jan 26, 2024
10 photos
Restaurant, bakery, and it's pretty? Sign me up.

A friend recommended Bottega Louie during our short and sweet visit to LA. I asked for coffee and brunch spots and BL checked all the boxes. We didn't have a reservation for the restaurant, and were informed about a long-ish wait when we arrived. However, they said the cafe seating area is first come, first serve and we can still order from the restaurant menu from there. Since we had a long drive back to Phoenix that day and didn't want to wait, we decided to sit in the cafe. It worked out just fine!

We ordered the following:
Smoked salmon benedict $32
Lobster hash $35
Le pancake $26
Latte

The smoked salmon benedict came with poached eggs, smoked salmon, red
onions, sautéed spinach, hollandaise sauce, crème fraîche, and hash brown potato galettes. The lobster hash came with lobster, two poached eggs, potato, leek & scallion hash cakes, tender greens, and lobster beurre monté. The le pancake was a large soufflé pancake served with fresh strawberries, Chantilly cream, and strawberry compote. The presentation was beautiful. My family of three shared everything so we could sample each item. All the entrees tasted fresh and delicious, but my favorite was the lobster hash. The latte was solid, too.

We had to make a stop at the bakery and take some treats before leaving. I chose a box of six macarons, mostly different flavors as well as their version of Suprême's NY roll, the chocolate pistachio flavor. The pastries were pretty and tasty, but none of them blew my mind.

Our server was fantastic. He was pleasant and responsive. Though the food was great, the portions are meant for a light brunch, in my opinion. Overall, we had a lovely experience and think it's worth visiting!

See all photos from Gretel Y. for Bottega Louie

Aalia F.
Culver City, CA
4 Dessert reviews
Jul 31, 2025
I've been coming here since I was a little girl, I come here with my mom sometimes.
This is one of our favorite spots to eat at when it's a special occasion. The food is always amazing, the waiters and staff always have a great humbling attitude and the environment is pretty good too, inside the restaurant it kinda sounds like you're at a loud party because of all the conversations everyone is having with one another at their tables lol

Kellie V.
Elite 26
Hanalei, HI
9 Brunch reviews
Sep 26, 2024
1 photo
This is a great place to eat, with great ambience. It's in the middle of downtown LA, but you feel in another world. The handmade pizzas are delicious and the club sandwich is a piece of art! It's delicious too! The drinks are great and service was wonderful! The bakery section is a work of art.

Cheers!

Look at this work of art!

Kelly C.
Elite 26
Westwood, Los Angeles, CA
3 Italian Food reviews
Mar 16, 2024
4 photos
Came here for brunch a long time ago and remembered the beautiful interior so I was excited to come back for dinner. I loved the high ceilings and big windows. It did get quite loud and lively as it was a full house on a Saturday night. We had a reservation for a large party and waited awhile for our tables to be ready. Thankfully they had a casual seating area while we waited for the tables to be set up.

We were served fresh warm bread with butter which was great to satisfy our hunger while we waited for our food. We ordered the burrata pizza for the table to share and the pizza was gone so fast. If you're a burrata and prosciutto fan, I recommend ordering this! I ordered the carbonara pasta and the presentation was lovely. The poached egg on top was perfectly runny but the sauce was too thick. I don't think we enjoyed the pasta as much as we enjoyed the pizza at the restaurant. Will be back to try other things on the menu!

Burrata Pizza 4/5
Carbonara 3.5/5

Jay O.
Laguna Beach, CA
21 Brunch reviews
May 21, 2025
Food: 5 stars- amazing pizza- pasta- drinks- dessert
Service: 5 stars - attentive staff that appear to enjoy their occupation makes the vibe nice
Ambiance: 5 stars - love the dessert counter as you walk in then the magnificently high ceilings and chic empty white walls and ceiling, wood fired grill and exposed kitchen. Love this place... most reviewed restaurant in LA apparently. Here's one more.

Tammy H.
Elite 26
Monrovia, CA
53 Dessert reviews
Mar 12, 2024
4 photos
Had a wonderful brunch with the girls! We ordered a variety of things and shared.
Started of with a lavender latte, so light and refreshing.
We had a party of 4 and we took quite a bit home.
Our savory: Modena salad, Burrata Pizza and Carbonara
Our Sweets: Le Pancake (order ahead, it takes about 20 mins). We ordered the rest from the front, check to make sure they have what you want. Guava croissant, fruit tart and tiramisu.
Everything was great!
Don't forget to pick up some macarons for home.
We parked in the lot under the One Wilshire Building (624 Grand) across the street, $8 for the day.

Erin S.
Los Angeles, CA
3 Italian Food reviews
Nov 18, 2025
If you're looking for pastries, look no further. Bottega Louie has an impressive selection in a gorgeous space.

For Italian food, Los Angeles has many more impressive options. The food is by no means bad, but service is standoffish, the space is loud, and food is overpriced and uninspired. Especially downtown, Bottega Louie struggles to compete against Italian options like Maccheroni Republic or the many other excellent restaurants steps away.

Stephanie L.
Elite 26
Los Angeles, CA
28 Brunch reviews
Apr 14, 2024
8 photos
Lively ambiance with modern and minimalistic interior, Bottega Louie is a combination of an Italian restaurant, gourmet market, and French patisserie.

While waiting to be seated, I ordered an espresso martini, which definitely woke me up with a nice buzz throughout the meal.

Since it was already 2 pm, we ordered the Louie salad, Portobello fries, and a half and half Calabrese and Pepperoni pizza to share.

Louie salad was refreshing with pieces of blue crab and chunks of avocado. The Portobello fries were warm and chewy, and I can see why they're a favorite amongst diners. Nearly every table around us had ordered them! The pizza was made oven fired and thin crust, which is how pizza should always be made. We ordered half and half but if I were to come again, I'd order Calabrese instead because I like the spicy and sweet notes from the peppers and honey.

For dessert, we got a box of macarons, which were light but also decadent because of the filling. My faves are the salted caramel and the earl grey.

See all photos from Stephanie L. for Bottega Louie

Jessica T.
Elite 26
West Covina, CA
19 Dessert reviews
Oct 14, 2024
3 photos
Located in Downtown LA. There are convenient paid parking structures nearby. The desserts alone are worth a return visit--especially if you're a fan of sweets like me. I highly recommend trying the Celebration dessert. We also had the truffle pizza and carbonara, both of which was packed cheese.

Sarah Y.
Phoenix, AZ
020
Jan 25, 2026
Fantastic experience all around! The food was delicious, fresh, and beautifully prepared. The atmosphere was welcoming, and the service was friendly and attentive. Everything exceeded our expectations--we'll definitely be coming back.

Cassandra C.
Portland, OR
118 Brunch reviews
Mar 16, 2025
I honestly thought I was meh about macarons until Bottega Louie. Not to brag or anything, but I also had macaroni in Paris and thought, eh ‍, even though the croissants and other patisserie items were chef's kiss. But everything at BL was great! I had a Caesar and fries (some might say basic but I think it's classic!) because we were going to a show and I wouldn't be able to take leftovers with me. Then we ordered off the maracon menu of the 20 or so flavors and they were incredible. I find, with a few things, I would rather just wait for the best iteration than try and suffer thru a subpar iteration. Bottega macarons are one of these best iterations - I don't need to have macarons anywhere else. The drinks we had (cocktails) were well-balanced and thoughtful, not just a sugar bomb or something with no complexity.

The server was really skilled, she never just went from point A to B, she would stop off at at least 2 tables and bring or take something away. She was extremely efficient. That made us feel very taken care of, when there was a time limit in trying to get to the show. I found the atmosphere of the restaurant to be inclusive and nice. There were friend gatherings for birthdays, a parent being celebrated by adult children and a few date nights. As I looked around, we saw a lot of tables with pizza so I'd probably try the pizza next time!

Stephany V.
Hansen Hills, Los Angeles, CA
28 Brunch reviews
Oct 14, 2025Updated review
I've been back here a couple of times and my experiences have actually gotten really better. The drinks were really good and the food was delicious. So was the service very quick and nice. Super cute spot.

May 25, 2023Previous review
I really like the drinks here haven't had the chance to try the desert yet. But the service could be a little better.

Sam M.
Elite 26
Brea, CA
36 Brunch reviews
Oct 7, 2024
6 photos
This is one of the most well known spots here in LA so there's only so much we can all say. It's a very nice and pleasant place to eat, especially in business/semi-formal/special occasions. Their Italian food is amazing, but they're also well known for their pastries. I loved their pizza the most! Service is also really nice and professional! You can't go wrong with this place!

See all photos from Sam M. for Bottega Louie

Beverly C.
Elite 26
Yorba Linda, CA
15 Dessert reviews
Apr 5, 2024
5 photos
Stopped in for lunch with my family after a nice morning touring LA. I fell in love with the elegance and size of this beautifully decorated restaurant! The high vaulted ceilings and the incredible amount of natural light this restaurant receives completely enhances the dining experience.

As you enter the restaurant, there is a bakery section with a lovely assortment of macarons, delicious cakes and treats to choose from. About midway into the restaurant is where you will find the hostess for checkin. I absolutely loved the friendly and attentive service we received throughout our visit! Everyone was very kind and welcoming and made us feel right at home.

My husband and boys ordered a Napoli and Pepperoni pizza to share and I ordered the Pomodoro pasta. I didn't think we would be able to finish the pizzas due to its massive size, but I was completely surprised when we only had a few slices to take home! The boys complimented on how delicious and fresh the pizzas were. The pasta was so flavorful and the noodles were cooked to perfection!

For dessert, we ordered a tiramisu cake and fruit tart to go and devoured it all at home! I am looking forward to coming back to try their other yummy dishes and desserts on my next visit to LA!

See all photos from Beverly C. for Bottega Louie

Andrea R.
Elite 26
San Fernando, CA
19 Brunch reviews
Oct 5, 2024
2 photos
I love this place! My friend and I dressed up and decided to have a lovely brunch and wanted to try a Bottega Louie. The hostess was so kind and we were treated so well by the staff. The service is amazing here and they took care of us and were attentive. The ambience is amazing with the clean aesthetic and the way it's decorated makes you feel like a princess. The food is fresh and yummy, we both got the two eggs any style brunch and ate every bite. We of course couldn't leave without trying their yummy macarons! Definitely a place to go for a cute girly brunch date.

Lia B.
Elite 26
Princeton, TX
7 Dessert reviews
Sep 27, 2024
8 photos
Arrived to a 25 min wait for a table that gave us time for a macaroon or four. Restaurant is bright and huge. Bakery greets you at the door, open kitchen lets you watch as meals come together. Do not skip Mushroom fries. Both salmon and short rib are fantasticly filling

See all photos from Lia B. for Bottega Louie

Irene M.
San Diego, CA
36 Brunch reviews
Sep 2, 2024
4 photos
Very cute breakfast/brunch place in LA. They have a bunch of cute delicious looking pastries when you first walk in. The amount of macarons looked so pretty. Unfortunately I didn't get a chance to try any pastries or desserts but hopefully next time.

Our waitress was very lovely and helpful.

Eggs Benedict was good I love the runny egg which makes it delicious. The pancakes were yummy, fluffy, light, not too sweet, deliciousness!

Highly recommend!

Kimberly H.
Elite 26
Covina, CA
32 Brunch reviews
Mar 24, 2025
Oh my gosh where do I begin! Cannot say enough good things about this location! Makes you feel like you're stepping into a Paris patisserie. beautiful inside and out. Can sit and have a meal or coffee, and can also buy desserts at the walk up counter, and they're placed in beautiful boxes just like in Paris, delicious and fresh macaroons, highly recommend, have already returned. Parking can be tricky. But otherwise very clean inside and very helpful staff.

Kristine S.
Elite 26
Huntington Beach, CA
53 Brunch reviews
Dec 22, 2023
8 photos
This is a special place...from the wood fired gourmet pizza to the amazing macarons, you will not be disappointed. We enjoyed the tuna tartare, Modena salad and the burrata pizza. Everything is so fresh and delicious. Our server was friendly and while he didn't come back as often as we would have liked, he did a great job.

The hostess was a bit "meh" to us, but it was a busy night a week before Christmas and maybe she wasn't feeling so holly jolly. The place was bustling and buzzing with energy.

We got a piece of tiramisu on the way out and some macarons. Definitely a bit pricey. Worth it!

See all photos from Kristine S. for Bottega Louie

Jon H.
Elite 26
Chandler, AZ
8 Dessert reviews
Nov 17, 2023
5 photos
Have been a patron of Bottega Louie since they opened! Although a few changes have been made, service is still outstanding, ambiance is ever beautiful retro, and the food wonderfully consistent.

Surprising moment on this recent visit was the non-existing crowd waiting to be seated. Although we had reservations remembering the pandemonium experienced on past visits, walk-ins were immediately accommodated.
Tonight we had the pleasure of:
Margherita Pizza, Pasta Carbonara, and the Branzino! Favoloso! After our meal, we strolled over to the Patisserie section for a few take-home sinful delights.

So...Head over to Bottega Louie and enjoy all their offerings of terrific food, magnificent pastries and desserts, coupled with a bar full of Elixirs!

This Gem of a place offers valet parking in busy Downtown LA which is perfect, ample room for Uber pick-up and drop-offs, and there is also a parking garage across the street for further convenience.

See all photos from Jon H. for Bottega Louie

Tamara A.
Roseville, CA
79 Brunch reviews
Mar 5, 2025
Ambience was clean and upscale but yes it was loud.
Pepperoni pizza- 4 stars
Cacio de pale- 4 stars
Trenne paste- 3 stars

Service - 2 stars- literally everything we wanted, we had to hail our server to ask for.... drinks, ice, more bread, check, dessert, even ice for water. Definitely not good. So not good service!

Toto C.
Elite 26
Los Angeles, CA
15 Italian Food reviews
Aug 11, 2024
4 photos
The cakes and pastries here are next level. Totally. Presentation and taste is elevated. Service is fast and courteous. Location inside Gelson's in Ventura Blvd is very convenient. Ambiance is classic and chill. 5 stars!

Archie R.
Elite 26
Los Angeles, CA
21 Brunch reviews
Sep 17, 2024
1 photo
This place is simply gorgeous inside. It's is airy and spacious. I particularly like going for breakfast. Before a work day the food is amazing. Also there are so many menu options. You may want to try the numerous pastries too. You will be able to indulge and enjoy.

Salmon Benedict & Orange Juice

Gary M. D.
Pasadena, CA
5 Brunch reviews
Nov 9, 2025
Rafael is the best of the best just ask for him and the menu is the best. Everything is awesome here and make sure you ask for Rafayel amazing Customer service outstanding personality.

Jennifer S.
La Habra, CA
7 Brunch reviews
Apr 16, 2025
1 photo
The best macarons in southern California! The restaurant seating not very cozy but the food was delicious.

I never had a Carbonara dish with an egg on top. It was rich and delicious.

My son's favorite is the Earl Grey macaron.

Jamie G.
Buena Park, CA
854725
May 15, 2025
I love the modern interior! All the desserts are so cute and so good! The service and food was great!
We had a pizza, Caesar salad and the fries. Everything was good and we will definitely going back!

John T.
Elite 26
Los Angeles, CA
18 Italian Food reviews
Mar 8, 2024Updated review
1 photo
BLUF:
The French Onion Soup is again, perfect (yes).

During my last trip here a few weeks back the French Onion Soup was not up to par, but today it was outstanding! The service was very good as well. One added benefit today was that there was an A-List actress sitting at a nearby table too! Only in LA baby!

French Onion Soup 3/8/24

Feb 16, 2024Previous review
Pizza (yes), Calamari (yes), French Onion Soup (no) and the surcharge (no,no,no...)

First thing I look for in a return trip is consistency and BL did not disappoint, though I did have one blip "on the screen". First let me say the service was very good. She was attentive and seemed to read our minds at times when it came to ordering drinks. We had the Calamari (no photo) and it was probably the best I have had. The breading was light and airy. The calamari itself was fresh and tasty. Get this if you want a fabulous appetizer. Our Bianco pizza was cheese only (which we wanted) and it too was warm and tasty. The arugula gave it a nice freshness. Will order this Bianco pizza again next time we visit here. Now for the "kind of" bad news. The French Onion Soup was not good tonight. It was watery and had very little onion taste. This was an aberration from my previous visits. I think the chef missed some ingredients tonight when making this batch of French onion soup. Too bad :(
One more thing, the 5% surcharge is not a good business practice. One of those things that just feel dishonest. I love eating at BL's but this charge really turns me off. Bottega Louie's should just increase their dinner prices rather than add this secret surcharge. Overall a very good meal with a blip (or two). Enjoy!

Sep 9, 2023Previous review
Great atmosphere, especially if it's football season and especially if you are a USC fan. Unbeknownst to me this is a pregame meeting spot for USC fans, #FightOn. Had dinner her tonight with the wife. We shared a Caesar salad and a pepperoni pizza. Salad was very good and the wife thought it was one of the best she has had. The pizza was made of quality ingredients, the sauce was tasty and the crust thin and hot. Couldn't have been a better pizza. We tried the French Onion soup and were not disappointed. Went to the location in downtown LA, there is another in the Fairfax District. The server, Fabian, was attentive and knowledgeable. Couldn't have asked for a better date night meal for the wife and I.

Alicia M.
Central LA, Los Angeles, CA
0207
Dec 18, 2024
1 photo
Amazing.

My brother took me out for dinner on my birthday back in September. (Love you big brother !) I ordered the gnocchi and he ordered the truffle pizza. Total mouth explosion, it was very delicious and plated beautifully. I was very impressed.

The hostess and the servers were very kind on top of that. My main server suggested the tartaletta for my birthday pastry. Wow!!! It wasn't too sweet or dry. Just perfect. (And that's that I don't like sweets too much)

The macaron bar was so nice. They had a wide variety of flavors. It was hard to choose the flavors.

Prana A.
Danielson, CT
074
Jul 2, 2025
1 photo
The food is divine, the service is really friendly. And the ambience inside is absolutely gorgeous. Highly recommend taking some Macarons for the road.

Margarita Pizza

Calvin C.
Elite 26
Rancho del Sol, Jurupa Valley, CA
24 Brunch reviews
Mar 3, 2024
1 photo
This place is huge! There's a lot of space between the patisserie and the dining area with plenty of seats available for a walk-in lunch.

The service is excellent and attentive, as my party was always checked on for our water and made sure our dishes were properly executed.

My dish was the pomodoro pasta, and I loved the texture of the noodles paired with the tomato sauce. Every bite was so good and flavorful, yet I was also satisfied with the portion size. My party also ordered a margherita pizza, which was also full of flavor.

I will come back for more of their pasta and pizza, as they have such great quality and taste.

Pomodoro

Corinne P.
Elite 26
Sacramento, CA
8 Dessert reviews
Dec 26, 2023
4 photos
Believe the hype! This place definitely delivers on food, service, & ambience. As soon as I walked in, the tantalizing aroma made my tummy rumble for what was to come. I sat by the pizza making station which was fun to watch while waiting for the food.

Our waitress was very attentive, patient, personable, & offered great recommendations on food & wine.

10/10 - Tomato Bruschetta: the tomato was fresh, bread was the perfect crisp, & the balsamic with basil oil added even more freshness; I could eat this entire thing.

10/10 - Caesar Salad (anchovies on the side): this looked like a typical salad, but it delivered on all the flavors; every romaine lettuce was coated perfectly in dressing, the croutons had a great crunch, & having the anchovies on the side gave everyone the option to add it in themselves.

10/10 - Lasagna: another dish that's chef's kiss! The lasagna had so many layers filled meats & cheeses but wasn't too heavy; it had the right amount of sauce, so eat bite was perfect.

9/10 - Calamari Fritti: solid fried calamari with just enough breading & seasoned well; can't go wrong with ordering this if you like calamari.

9/10 - Calabrese Pizza: this is like an adult version of pepperoni pizza; the chilis were spicy, but it paired splendidly with the salami & honey; overall great choice.

7/10 - Napoli Pizza: the flavors were okay, but nothing spectacular; the tomato sauce was bright & the toppings weren't too heavy.

7/10 - Chèvre Al Limon: this appetizer divided the group, some liked it while others didn't; it's a unique offering of goat cheese plated with lemon, honey, & toasted pine nuts; for me tasted this a bit like lemon soap, but if you like goat cheese & something unique, give this a try.

Lea L.
Elite 26
Los Angeles, CA
68 Brunch reviews
Jul 15, 2024
1 photo
Very nice service, food and ambiance. Our waiter was amazing, food came out fast and hot. The place is known for its shareable pizzas, pastas and salad. We had a little of everything

Diane L.
Elite 26
Ontario, CA
16 Brunch reviews
Feb 26, 2024
2 photos
Beautiful interior with vaulted ceilings and some patterned texture on the ceiling. Brunch was a bit loud but you can still hear the person you're at the table with.

Our server was wonderful and all the other service members were so helpful and quick to clear our dirty plates. Some of the best service I've had for a brunch.

Lobster was cooked perfectly and not overcooked. Beautiful flavors of the sauce but it was a bit weird to put crunchy hash into a sauce to get soggy. Pizza was a nice mix of sweet and spicy, and just wanted more bites. The soufflé pancake was fluffy, lightly sweetened and just good. I even forgot that I had toppings hah.

Can't wait to come back for a dinner service to try more dishes.

Le pancake

Toppings for the Le Pancake

Christine M.
Elite 26
Covina, CA
26 Brunch reviews
Sep 7, 2024
3 photos
The desserts are delicious , a smooth rich delicacy. I will definitely return for more flavors

Farangiz U.
Central LA, Los Angeles, CA
5 Italian Food reviews
May 24, 2025
2 photos
Not sure, why they have so many good reviews. Nothing special, prices very high. Tried their salad, pastas, pizza. Its same as other Italian restaurants. Place is overcrowded. Their special lemonade drink was terrible. Syrup, sparkling water and bunch of whipped cream on top. Not drinkable!

Salad

Maya M.
San Gabriel, CA
4 Brunch reviews
Feb 4, 2025
4 photos
This place is amazing. Besides the fact it's in DTLA; it's amazing! Desserts, drinks, ambiance is phenomenal. The plain walls are really interesting. not a single painting!! if only DTLA was less trashy.

Bob J.
Huntington Beach, CA
1220
Oct 28, 2025
Great atmosphere, wonderful servers and delicious food. I reminded me of a restaurant in New York City.

DC K.
Elite 26
Corona, CA
5 Italian Food reviews
Mar 2, 2025
Loved the pink and green on white decor. Portobello fries was a HIT, will come back just for these. Carbonara was creamy and rich, and the beignets were a great option for dessert. Took home tiramisu for the family and was not disappointed. Thank you for the great experience

Kim T.
Elite 26
Torrance, CA
21 Dessert reviews
Sep 2, 2024
4 photos
Brought some friends from out of town to Bottega Louie. I ordered a baker's dozen of macarons and two other desserts. The man at the front checked me out and started packaging everything. He seemed kind of annoyed and at the end just sort of threw the bag with my macarons at me and went to help someone else. It was such a bizarre experience and really left a bad taste in my mouth. Why are the people who work here so rude?!

Lily S.
Irvine, CA
25423
Nov 3, 2024
4 photos
If you are in downtown LA, you must stop by Bottega Louie! Their food is incredible, and the truffle pizza is my absolute favorite--it's a must-have. The service is friendly, and the interior is comfortable and relaxing, creating the perfect dining experience.

Their desserts are beautifully presented, and I had their macarons for our daughter's wedding. Our guests loved them and shared so many compliments.

If you're in the area, don't miss it! Reservations are recommended."

Helie L.
Los Angeles, CA
6 Dessert reviews
Oct 4, 2024
10 photos
Stopped at the jewelry district to buy a bling gift for a bff and just happened to find parking in front of this impressive looking restaurant. So my lovely mother and I decided to drop in for lunch. First impression --wow expansive and clean. Judging from the prices they must be paying a lot for real estate. That pizza my mother can't wait to sink her teeth into cost over $60 (tip & tax included). Was it worth it? It was delish but my mother having survived the Korean War will not allow me to order the truffle pizza again. We also bought macaroons (13 pieces) for $40 (tax not included).

You only live once (maybe) so why not?

Ciao mein till next bite.

ps service was good--not super friendly, but good. I thought the host staff (the most important people besides the chefs) could have used a little caffeine to boost energy. A smile would have been nice. However the young lady who made my mother's latte was rude and preoccupied talking to her coworker.

See all photos from Helie L. for Bottega Louie

Adeeva M.
Elite 26
Long Beach, CA
70 Brunch reviews
Aug 30, 2024
2 photos
This review is strictly for the coffee since that is the only thing I got this day. The coffee was really good! I got a sugar free caramel latte and it was great! The perfect caffeine pick me up. The restaurant is beautiful and there are endless French pastries to choose from, I will definitely return to try the food and pastries!

Latte

Kelly L.
Elite 26
Los Angeles, CA
5 Italian Food reviews
Feb 9, 2024
1 photo
Came for a company holiday lunch on a Thursday. We had a group of ~20. Unfortunately, we got split into 2 separate tables. It was very busy!!

The inside was a lot larger than I had imagined. It was absolutely beautiful. The ceilings are really high and you can hear voices echoing throughout. There were other large parties so it was very loud inside.

The food was delicious. Our team ordered a variety of appetizers - crowd favorites were the Portobello Fries. For my drink, I got a Raspberry Italian Soda. Very sweet but enjoyable. For my entree, I ordered Ribeye. It was incredibly delicious. The béarnaise sauce with the steak was perfection.

The service staff were kind but did mess up our order a bit. They brought us some of the wrong appetizers and mixed up our drinks. But, overall, I had a great experience and would definitely recommend this restaurant. Food was amazing.

Rib Eye

Frashta T.
Murrieta, CA
6 Dessert reviews
Apr 13, 2025Updated review
1 photo
Their beignets, a French donut, are not a traditional French beignet. I asked if it was glazed because it looked glazed. She said it was powdered. It was glazed though. it tasted like a Dunkin' Donuts glazed donut. I like Dunkin, but I wasn't there for that. Beignets are supposed to be powdered, not glazed. Disappointed.

Beignets here are not the traditional powdered donuts as they should be. Macaroons are fine.

Nov 17, 2017Previous review
Classy & yummy. It gets crowded with a wait during dinner time. The upscale restaurant has a bar lounge where most people wait. You're too busy admiring the decor to notice the wait. The pasta is good here & so are the macaroons. More of a fine dinning place than a cafe.

Mychal B.
Los Angeles, CA
030
Oct 25, 2025
I went here with a friend who knows I love Italian and the service at this eatery was absolutely divine. Our service was the best in the business and the cuisine was like nothing I ever had. Great job! And the decor was so modern, I felt really comfortable here.

Jin W M.
Los Angeles, CA
4 Dessert reviews
Jun 1, 2025
Nothing particularly special, to be honest.
The food didn't feel especially unique considering the high price it just looked expensive.The portobello fries were tasty though! The atmosphere feels a bit outdated now, maybe because it's been around for quite a while.

Viola C.
Monterey Park, CA
243357
Apr 7, 2025
9 photos
We ordered a pizza. It's the best pizza I have ever had so far in my life. It's very juicy and umami. Their desserts are amazing too. Just the right amount of sweetness. I don't feel any artificial flavors in the dessert which is hard to find these days. The restaurant is spacious and clean.

See all photos from Viola C. for Bottega Louie

Shelly P.
Elite 26
Arcadia, CA
4 Dessert reviews
Jan 25, 2024
3 photos
I came by on a Wednesday afternoon, and it was LOUD. The empty spaces between the walls to the tables echos all the conversations being held in this restaurant. I can't even imagine how it must be during dinner..

For food, I got the Trenne pasta, Margherita pizza, Caprese salad, and Portobello Fries.

My favorites were Trenne Pasta and Portobello Fries. The Caprese salad could have been better and the Margherita pizza... tasted like any other pizza to me.. I would recommend people to try something else.

The service here was attentive which was really good, our order was made and food came by in a reasonable time.

As for dessert, I got a fruit tart. It was so good, it definitely felt like I saved the best for last. The fruit tart was the star of the show!

Harp S.
Elite 26
Dublin, OH
5 Dessert reviews
Feb 16, 2025
Very noisy for any meaningful conversation. Food was very salty for my appetite. Pizza was good and desserts were awesome. Staff is very cordial but little inexperienced. The prices does not match with the experience.

Jenna S.
Irvine, CA
7 Dessert reviews
Apr 19, 2025
5 photos
Hit up The Broad and walk down to Bottega Louie for lunch! Great food and drinks and grab yummy treats to go! Cute French style bar and restaurant with fresh Italian cuisine.

See all photos from Jenna S. for Bottega Louie

Nancy S.
Elite 26
Thousand Oaks, CA
18 Italian Food reviews
Jan 13, 2024
6 photos
I felt like I had just walked into a cafe in Paris. It is truly a gorgeous place.
I had the Carbonera, it was divine. So creamy and rich. It was loaded with pancetta.
My friends were very pleased with their Louie Salad and Eggs Any Style. That was a huge breakfast of eggs, sausage and bacon, potatoes and toast. Enough for two people.
The people next to us shared the Portobello fries, calamari, eggs Benedict, and waffles. I could have eaten all those items.They looked so fresh and appealing.
You can order any item from the bakery case up front for dessert.
Service was delightful.
They told us a half hour wait and it was more like ten minutes. We had a window table that was perfect.

See all photos from Nancy S. for Bottega Louie

Allyson T.
Elite 26
Fresno, CA
10 Italian Food reviews
Jan 10, 2024
1 photo
Brunch at Bottega Louie? It sounded posh so we had to check it out!

I'm glad we went, but mostly because of the pastry bar. I met the (other) love of my life there.. savory monkey bread. The thought of it makes my mouth water lol but it's the most buttery, chewy, flaky savory pastry I'll probably ever have.

We also picked up a few other pastries and macarons- all great but none stood out for me like the savory monkey bread.

Overall, yummy but on the pricier side! I'd come back, but only if I was in the area- pastry bar only next time!

eggs benedict: 9/10 yum!! eggs any style: 6.5/10 nothing special

Pam B.
Elite 26
San Fernando Valley, CA
13 Dessert reviews
Jan 7, 2024
4 photos
Haven't been to this fine establishment since the pandemic. I believe they closed for a while. We were here last Tuesday for lunch. This is actually one of my favorite restaurants in DTLA. It's unique with the high ceilings and the expansive dining area. Open kitchen so you can look at the kitchen while you wait. The front area is also instagram worthy with all those delicious French macarons and pretty desserts. Downside - full glass windows and high ceiling make this place loud. Nothing to absorb noise so it's like eating in a loud cafeteria- I don't mind but I know some do.

Browsed menu and happy that the Branzino dish I loved before is still there but since this is someone else's treat I had her order for us. We got pasta, pizza and salad to share. The Louie salad has blue crab in it - very refreshing salad. It compliments the calebrese pizza that has a bit of a kick on it. The cacio e Pepe is not really my choice but it's a good choice for some basic pasta. Fresh noodles are always good in pasta.

We had tiramisu for dessert but I would recommend their soufflé. Also it's been years but maybe I have to try it again but I love the branzino. Servers are attentive and very polite.

I would say that this place is good value for your money. Pizza is good for sharing but pasta is just a small bowl but order a few items and it'll be good to share.

Highly recommended when you're in the area. Parking in the street or by the lots nearby. We got a dozen of french macarons in the front and they're about $43sh with tax.

Aiperi C.
Eagle Rock, Los Angeles, CA
3 Brunch reviews
Jan 5, 2026
Really enjoyed this coffee shop. Excellent coffee, fresh pastries, and a warm, inviting atmosphere. Great service and attention to detail.

Maayan Y.
Elite 26
San Diego, CA
6 Dessert reviews
Aug 11, 2024
4 photos
We came for the macarons and coffee and were not disappointed!! The coffee was delicious and macarons were not too sweet, just the right consistency and very tasty! Many options for flavors of macarons. The vibes were casual for pastries, bar and to go but seemed a bit more fancy in the restaurant area which we didn't go to. People were friendly!

Samantha L.
Elite 26
Tustin, CA
14 Brunch reviews
Aug 10, 2024
5 photos
Okay, but overpriced. The interior is very spacious with some gold accents but feels kind of bare - picture Kim Kardashian's video where she walks you through her house and it's grey and empty. The pasta (we got the carbonara and cacio e pepe) and pizza (margherita) were both pretty mid, and definitely not worth $30 each. The bread that they give you for free as appetizers was really hard, which is surprising given that this spot is also a bakery. Parking is also not convenient (we parked in the Whole Foods across but there's a 1 hour limit until you have to pay). Overall, I was not impressed.

See all photos from Samantha L. for Bottega Louie

Alex G.
Elite 26
Seattle, WA
35 Brunch reviews
Feb 6, 2025
This was a very fun place with great food and service! I liked the classic attire and attitude, even of the bartender who served us while we waited for our table. The old fashioned was really good. We got seated pretty quickly, although the place was busy for a Monday night. We ordered pizza, bolognese and broccoli to share. Else enjoyed each dish. The pizza had a perfectly crispy and chewy crust, with a zesty sauce and the sausage was flavorful. The bolognese was excellent and the broccoli was perfectly charred. I highly recommend coming here with a group, and check out the sweets on your way out!

Cynthia M.
Elite 26
All-Star
Yorba Linda, CA
36 Brunch reviews
Dec 31, 2023
8 photos
Been here dozens of times to pick up macrons. First time actually eating in the restaurant. While the server was attentive when he did come by our table, we noticed that the restaurant overall was short staffed which is becoming quite the trend unfortunately.

The food was delicious- we ordered a handful of items and made it family style so we could all try different things. We ordered:

Sausage Pizza
Caesar Salad
French Fries
Chicken Parmesan
Bolognese Pasta

I would say everything g we had was fantastic. My favorite was the Caesar Salad which had more of a vinaigrette Caesar dressing and the sausage pizza was very flavorful. Be prepared as the pizza is thin and became a little soggy in the middle.

The ambience is a bit stark as there are no colors or decor on the walls, just white walls. But the restaurant is spacious and ceilings are high so it's easy to have a conversation no matter how crowded it got.

I would definitely come again for the food choices and try some new items.

See all photos from Cynthia M. for Bottega Louie

Raul G.
Granada Hills, Los Angeles, CA
011
May 14, 2025
1 photo
Most Amazing food and amazing dining place with friendly people and chefs are the best also helped me ask out my friend to be my girlfriend and very much appreciated and big thanks to them for all the kindness!!!

P.s. she said yesss of course

N P.
San Pedro, CA
8 Brunch reviews
May 27, 2025
3 photos
Overrated. Came here for the macarons. The middle aged bigger lady got the boxes to get ready to fill them with macarons, then came back for the receipt, saw that I didn't tip, had a sour look on her face and then proceeded to fill the box with quite a few incorrect items. For example, I ordered 4 coffee, she gave me 5. I ordered 4 lemons, she gave me 5, I ordered two mango, i got none. Then at least two were crumbled by her hands it appears like intentionally. Kind of evil. I would never recommend this place. Unprofessional, unwelcoming, and overly sweet macarons. On the plus side, I was lucky enough to find parking instantly.

Flora W.
Elite 26
Alhambra, CA
10 Italian Food reviews
Dec 27, 2023
5 photos
Located in the heart of LA on Grand Ave, Bottega Louie charmed my taste buds and sweetened my day. Walking into the restaurant, described as a Gourmet Market, Patisserie, and Cafe, is like walking into a flower field. They have their beautiful desserts from macaroons to cake slices, and their pastries lined up to display. Each item on the display is a work of art. Restaurant and bar seating is on the left side. This layout makes it perfect for a casual coffee meet-up to a fun celebratory lunch or dinner.

My boyfriend took me here for a nice brunch while we were in the area. We arrived around 10:30 am so we got their brunch menu. We ordered the Mache Salad, Eggs Benedict, and Portobello Fries to share. The absolute show stopper to me was the Portobello Fries, which was the reason my boyfriend wanted to take me here as a crazy "fungi fan" or "mushroom enthusiast." Imagine the earthy taste of Portobello Mushrooms battered & fried, tossed with salty Parmesan cheese and herbs, and dipped with aioli sauce. To me, it was my version of mushroom paradise. It's decided - I can't go back to regular fries now that I know these Portobello Fries exist. Seriously, it's a must-try!

I think we ordered the perfect amount, not to mention, with the help of our amazing server. The Mache Salad was light and refreshing with the snap peas, celery, avocado, chicken, and lemon vinaigrette dressing. The Eggs Benedict was also made well - I'm talking the perfect toast on the English muffin, great hollandaise sauce, and a thick cut of Canadian bacon. Sharing three dishes was the perfect brunch meal that left my boyfriend and I full, but not "too full" if you know what I mean that we couldn't walk back to the car. Haha!

Definitely stop by Bottega Louie for a amazing time with great food and wonderful service.

See all photos from Flora W. for Bottega Louie

Jynelle Christine S.
Elite 26
Torrance, CA
14 Dessert reviews
Aug 6, 2024
2 photos
The service was great considering we went on a busy work day during lunch! The ambiance was wonderful and the dessert area was so aesthetically pleasing to look at. I tried the Chicken Saltimbocca for the first time as I've never seen that on the menu before and it was cooked perfectly!

Chicken Saltimbocca

Dessert Area

Johnathan Y.
Elite 26
Milpitas, CA
16 Dessert reviews
Dec 19, 2023
5 photos
Walked by the store after a concert at the Ace Hotel Theater, popped in and was helped by Devin (apologies if spelled wrong) behind the counter. He was happy to answer questions I had about the macarons and made great suggestions for which flavors to get.

Store was relatively busy, with basically all of the tables filled with diners. I was helped quickly, and was able to get in and out seamlessly. Really wish the macarons were more affordable, but they're undeniably, very, very tasty.

See all photos from Johnathan Y. for Bottega Louie

Kenneth L.
San Francisco, CA
11 Brunch reviews
Jan 26, 2025
Can't go wrong with Bottega Louie!
Made a reservation for the group and was sat immediately, server was attentive and patient.
Ordered a few pizzas and pasta. Favorite was the Trenne pasta! Unique and kind of like a French fries texture, loved it!

Macarons were great as usual, restaurant interior made me feel like I was in Europe.

Mandy H.
Clovis, CA
5 Brunch reviews
Apr 1, 2025
1 photo
Pizza was delicious and dessert was amazing too. The only reason I'm giving a four star is because they charged us an extra $80 on the tip which we had to dispute with our bank. Other than that our server was friendly and service was pretty fast. Would probably come back here for some late night pizza and dessert.

Steve L.
Elite 26
Burlingame, CA
51 Brunch reviews
Sep 17, 2023
1 photo
I can't wait to dine there in the sit down restaurant area. I only needed some pastries and coffee this time and it was great. It's interesting to order off the pad and then go to different stations to get the coffee and then another one for the pastry.

Nice interior.

Bakery

Patrick W.
Elite 26
Los Angeles, CA
24 Brunch reviews
Jul 31, 2024
2 photos2 check-ins
Everything about the place is just a 5 star experience. The ambiance the service the food, it's such as a grand experience. You feel like you're a king /queen at this establishment. Nothing to say other than. Absolutely fantastic.

Unboxing the euclaire

Ham and cheese croissant

Margaret P.
Elite 26
All-Star
Los Angeles, CA
130 Brunch reviews
Aug 4, 2023
1 photo
A top tier spot for anybody visiting DTLA and looking for some pastries. For being a place that looks quite bougie from entering, it is pretty affordable. They are known for their macarons which are about $3/piece. They also have the trending round croissants, which are a little more expensive but still pretty affordable. It's about $9/piece.

They currently have seasonal drinks like a taro espresso, which was pretty good. They also have a cafe area and a restaurant section. A handful of people were actually working from the cafe area, which I think I might take advantage of the next time I need to work out of a cafe in DTLA.

I haven't had their pizza recently, but I know their pizza here is a good choice if you're looking for some bites here as well.

Teddy C.
Valley College, SAN BERNARDINO, CA
4 Italian Food reviews
Jan 23, 2025
4 photos
Food was delicious, lobster bisque was lightly too salty but that's ok because the creaminess and overall flavor made up for it. I tried the pear martini which was delicious! Pomodoro was yummy as well. Crème brulee was amazing!!! And the fruit tart was to die for. It had a berry type of layer instead of just the vanilla custard with tons of fruit. Service was great. I was routinely asked if I needed anything else without being too much. The server understood I ended up having to leave in a rush and helped me pack my items in a timely manner. Decor and ambience was beautiful and peaceful. 10/10

Sarah C.
Elite 26
Fontana, CA
34 Brunch reviews
Aug 5, 2023
6 photos
8/5/2023

Came here a few days ago in the afternoon.
It's been a really, really long time since I was last here.

Bottega Louie's exterior and interior is beautiful amongst the grungy DTLA buildings and streets around it. Wish I could sit down for a bit inside as it was boiling hotside too. But unfortunately, parking is always difficult, so I've decided to quickly pick up some sweets and be on my way.

STRAWBERRY ROSE
Iced drink that tastes vaguely of strawberries and rose. It's not made of real strawberries or rose and had that fake flavor, but still it was refreshing on a hot day. It also had a sour taste that made me think they should have called it a lemonade.

ÉCLAIR CELEBRATION
Tasted like a strawberry éclair. But also had a tart taste. The pastry choux was on the dry and harder side, but I did briefly put the éclairs in the fridge, so it won't melt from all the heat. The éclair was disappointing nonetheless. There was nothing special about it.

ÉCLAIR VANILLA
This was okay. Did not get a good vanilla flavor. Same as the Celebration éclair, nothing special about it. Waste of money.

NAPOLEON
The ONLY thing that was good. One of my favorite desserts! The crispy, flaky puff pastry and the pastry cream was done well. Everything was delicious!

CAKE MATCHA YUZU
Very sharp, sour citrus flavor that overpowered the matcha. Could barely taste the matcha. Wasn't very good and the cream was overwhipped and thick. Other jams or jellys inside were hardened too. The cake wasn't soft, but on the harder side. There were passion fruit seeds inside, which means there's passion fruit in one of the layers. So not sure why they call it Yuzu Matcha when there's no yuzu in it.

I don't know what happened, but the pastry selection was sparse that day. When I saw pics on Yelp, it seemed the display case would be filled with a vast array of desserts and pastries. There weren't even any macarons either! None! I was utterly confused and asked the person helping me, "Is this everything?" and he said it was everything. He looked at me as though I was asking the wrong question because one-third of the display case was empty. All in all, a complete disappointment! With so many new places to experience in LA, there's no need to visit again. DON'T WASTE YOUR MONEY HERE!

CUSTOMER SERVICE
It was okay. People weren't smiling nor welcoming, just doing the bare minimum.

See all photos from Sarah C. for Bottega Louie

Ayoosh K.
Elite 26
Edmonton, Canada
9 Italian Food reviews
Jul 30, 2024
2 photos
Wow! I can't believe it took my this long to try this gem of a place. This place feels, looks and tastes like one of the Italian restaurants in Paris. Their food was spectacular, the portions were great. It was priced to its value. Service was also excellent as they came in frequently to make sure we were doing well. It's great for large groups or couples. Highly recommend.

Asparagus & Poached Egg

Yvonne B.
Elite 26
All-Star
Glendale, CA
31 Dessert reviews
Dec 10, 2024
Bottega Louie is known for their upscale dining experience and delicious desserts available in restaurant and for takeout. For my birthday, I got their medium sized tiramisu cake to share with my family. The presentation was stunning and the cake itself was creamy and melted in my mouth. Their espresso is strong, my parents thought a bit too strong, but I loved it. I'll definitely be back to try more of their desserts!

Amy X.
Rowland Heights, CA
121146
Mar 27, 2025
7 photos
Foods , drinks and service are pretty good! love Italy food , We are well going to again

See all photos from Amy X. for Bottega Louie

Bob D.
Elite 26
San Diego, CA
5 Dessert reviews
Dec 4, 2023Updated review
4 photos
It's always wonderful to come back to Bottega Louis. I had not dined in for many years. I was back downtown again and decided to stop in for dinner. It did not disappoint.

I sat at the bar and was well taken care of by the bartender as I ate dinner. It is lively and I love the background noise and loud hum of the restaurant. As always, the food was amazing. After dinner, I got a killer chocolate croissant to take away for dessert. Such a lovely evening for a walk and dinner at Bottega Louis.

Sep 27, 2022Previous review
Had the most wonderful macarons from here. I'm not normally a macaron fan but these were amazing. As I enjoyed them, the texture and subtle flavor changed. Really, really good.

Christina C.
Elite 26
Los Angeles, CA
32 Dessert reviews
Jun 30, 2024
I have strictly come only for the pastries, so this review is only for that and not the food service (which I will hopefully try one day).

For the price of their pastries, I would say they are all a great deal. The croissants are HUGE and priced the same as other bakeries around LA which sell smaller and lower quality croissants ($5-6). Take the ham and cheese croissant home, pop in the microwave for 15 seconds and satisfy your savory pastry belly. The apple turnover is HUGE at $5.50. Gonna emphasize that you really get bang for your buck here. On weekends, there's usually a short wait at the pastry counter, but moves pretty fast.

Cakes and tarts are beautifully presented and I've tried almost all of them. They're decent. My opinion on them is that they tend to be on the sweet side. They're a bit pricey, but not exorbitant. If you want to buy one to bring to a house party or whatnot and impress, these are great. But personally, after having tried almost all their cakes, I've moved on to other cake shops.

Jas M.
Elite 26
Arcadia, CA
4 Italian Food reviews
Jul 24, 2024
6 photos
* Trenne: triangle shaped penne. fun texture from frying.
* Bolognese: classic meat sauce. noodles a bit over al dente.
* Portobello Fries: came w 6 pieces. denser batter w a bite to it. aioli added a fresh taste.
* Brussels Sprouts & Walnuts: charred brussels w candied walnuts and gorgonzolay crumble.
* White Truffle Arancini: white truffle risotto in a ball. came in tomato sauce.
* Branzino: slight char flavor. not too dry. deboned.
* Beignets: came w 4 pieces. light, airy, and dusted in pink sugar. side of raspberry sauce and/or nutella. tart raspberry sauce cuts the sweetness.

- parking: valet, street, or structure across the street
- bar and dessert cafe seating area in the front, separate from restaurant space
- gets very loud when full

See all photos from Jas M. for Bottega Louie

Karamia G.
Cypress, CA
141113
Sep 20, 2025
Food was great, obsessed with the desserts. Had no idea this place was hiding downtown, it felt like you were somewhere else when inside. Definitely will come back!

Mel M.
Albuquerque, NM
5 Brunch reviews
Apr 27, 2025
2 photos
I picked this place for it's ambience because it has a definite European feel. We ordered the lobster hash, the portobello fries and meatballs. Of those three, probably loved the portobello fries best but it was all delicious. Great service, easy parking across the street and the desserts are so pretty they should be in a museum

Russ L.
Elite 26
Honolulu, HI
105 Brunch reviews
Nov 24, 2023
6 photos
This bakery is a vibe! An instagrammers dream come true. Delicious looking breads and sweets. It's a trek to get to downtown LA but this place is worth a visit.

Wonderful atmosphere with high ceiling and fresh vibe. Food is excellent and good portions. Excellent and attentive service.

See all photos from Russ L. for Bottega Louie

Michelle L.
Elite 26
Los Angeles, CA
6 Brunch reviews
Jul 18, 2024
2 photos
Vibes here and dessert are really nice but the food IMO is average. We ordered the spicy honey pepperoni pizza (that's not the real name) for ~35$ which was pricey but good. I would recommend this since the portion is huge and definitely shareable. However, the beef short rib we got was just average. The meat was a bit dry and lacked flavor.

Les Z.
Elite 26
San Mateo, CA
9 Dessert reviews
Nov 17, 2023
2 photos
Highly recommend the supreme croissant! There are 4 flavors: Banana peanut butter, chocolate hazelnut, cherry pistachio, ube. My personal favorite is banana peanut butter. It's filled with peanut butter cream, very tasty.
I went in the morning, there was no line. Service was great, everything was quick and smooth. Will come back to try brunch next time!

Kristie E.
Huntington Beach, CA
4 Italian Food reviews
Jan 10, 2025
2 photos
Best pizza I've ever had EVER. All of the dishes we had were artisan, delicious and worthy of ordering again. Wonderful drinks and pastries to bring home. We went here because a friend brought a wonderful red velvet chocolate cake slice to work for my birthday. This was our second trip from Long Beach

Girls day out in the rain- everything was delicious but the Pizza is the best we've ever tasted in the whole world

Sweet spicy airy it reminds me of the movie mystic pizza when everyone begs for the secret ingredient.

Eber B.
Norwalk, CA
67230
Dec 21, 2025
i understand tipping the average 20% and paying the high prices because we are in los angeles with a high minimum wage - but now bottega louies wants to sneak in a 5% surcharge for operational costs - gtfooh!!!!! this greedy resataurant is just greedy and scamming customers. village pizza across the street has better tasking pizza withour the fanfare and fake fancy sounding name!!!

Liz R.
Elite 26
San Diego, CA
36 Brunch reviews
Nov 14, 2023
5 photos
Really clean and beautiful restaurant in downtown LA. I can see why it is such a big tourist spot. I was able to easily get reservations a few days beforehand. We were seated at a comfy table near the kitchen where we could watch the pizza dough being tossed. Quick and helpful service from the staff.

Great espresso martinis and carbonara. My friend really liked his pizza and my husband thought the short rib was one of the best that he's ever had. I wasn't a fan of the mushroom fries. One to two bites was okay, but they were too heavy and rich for my liking.

See all photos from Liz R. for Bottega Louie

Luke L.
Elite 26
All-Star
San Gabriel, CA
39 Italian Food reviews
Nov 12, 2023
10 photos
I waited for over a decade, but I finally had a chance to visit the #1 most reviewed restaurants and food businesses on Yelp in the United States (https://blog.yelp.com/community/the-top-50-most-reviewed-restaurants-and-eateries-on-yelp/). Bottega Louie is a restaurant / gourmet market / patisserie and café located in Downtown Los Angeles. The restaurant is one of the most photogenic and popular restaurant in Downtown Los Angeles. Bottega Louie has another location in West Hollywood.

[Parking]: $20 valet parking and expect to wait 10 minutes to retrieve car. The parking garage across the street (725 S Grand Ave) offers $12 daily max from Monday to Friday before 4 PM ($2.00 every 15 minutes) and $7 in evening after 4 PM. Flat rate $7 on Saturday and Sunday. If you are lucky enough then it is cheaper to park via street metered parking (free metered parking on Sunday). The adjacent Whole Foods parking lot offers free 90 minute parking with validation at Whole Food, but park at your own risk as (1) one time I validated my parking ticket to shop at Whole and Foods and I still ended up paying for my parking ticket and (2) the lot is for Whole Foods customers only.

[Reservation]: The restaurant / cafe eliminated no-reservations policy and customers are now able to book a reservation through Resy. I actually booked a same-day 12:15 PM reservation 75 minutes ahead of the scheduled time.

[Service]: Pretty standard service as expected from an upscale brunch spot like this. Please note that the restaurant automatically adds 5% surcharge to mitigate inflation & other operating costs (it is not a service charge, gratuity, or paid to employees).

[Menu]: Yelp highlighted brunch items include Smoked Salmon Benedict / Eggs Benedict, Portobello Mushroom, Burrata Pizza, and French Toast. Items like Trenne Pasta, Pork Chop, and Braised Prime Rib Eye are only available during dinner hours. Lastly don't forget to take a look at their colorful macarons near the front entrance.

***

Smoked Salmon Benedict (Poached eggs, smoked salmon, crème fraîche, red onions, sautéed spinach & hollandaise sauce on hash brown potato pancakes - $32): This dish was alright and all within expectations - hash brown didn't really enhanced the overall texture for poached eggs and smoked salmon.

Burrata (Mozzarella, burrata, prosciutto di Parma, pecorino romano, sauteed rapini, minced garlic & extra virgin olive oil - 14-inch pizza $36): Amazing cheese and this pizza is definitely a must-order. It was enough portion to share among 3 full sized adults.

This is a perfect restaurant to have a wonderful brunch or dinner with a date; however I am not a fan of 5% "inflation" surcharge as each item on the brunch menu is already pretty expensive. Delicious pizza, decent service, and average benedict. I can't fault anyone for visiting this foodie trap with the spectacular decor and eye-catching baked goods section.

See all photos from Luke L. for Bottega Louie

Sandra P.
Elite 26
Bakersfield, CA
32 Brunch reviews
Jul 24, 2023
7 photos
On my most recent visit, we decided to have an early lunch. I had the crab Louie salad. It was scrumptious, fresh and full of flavor. I finished every last bite!
My companion also had a salad but can't recall the name of it!

I'll attach some photos so you can see! You can't go wrong here. Everything is delicious and service is top notch!

See all photos from Sandra P. for Bottega Louie

Kristina K.
Elite 26
Montebello, CA
22 Brunch reviews
Aug 18, 2023Updated review
3 photos
I take back what I said earlier (some of it)... just go for the desserts.
The beignets are amazing... period.

The beautiful space could use some decorative upgrades and possibly an overhaul of their menu. Food quality is very subpar. From calamari, to fries, to salmon, to the pizza. Just pass.

We also didn't get any bread served, nor did our plates come out in a reasonable order.

It's okay, I'll survive this, moving on.

Apr 4, 2018Previous review
So overrated and food isn't actually as delicious as it looks. Just go for the Pizza.
But the atmosphere is nice and the staff is always friendly. Desserts are probably the best part about this place. If you're feeling bougie and want to go with the crowd at times, this place will satisfy that.

Luis M.
Los Angeles, CA
5454
Mar 28, 2025
1 photo
Had a great dinner with my husband as we celebrated our 15yr anniversary (I do miss having the lasagna as a dinner option but everything else was great). The server was exceptional and the food was incredible. I would highly recommend this restaurant for anyone celebrating a milestone or to just grab dinner and drinks. The ambiance is perfect for any occasion. We have been there several times and they have not let us down once. I highly recommend this restaurant.

Varinia R.
Elite 26
Riverside, CA
24 Brunch reviews
Jan 7, 2025
7 photos
I've had this place bookmarked for a while and finally made a reservation to go with my family. You make reservations through their website on Resy or directly on Resy's website. We had a pepperoni pizza, burrata pizza, and hamburger with fries. We also had their Italian sodas. The pizzas are so good! The pepperoni comes with mozzarella, pecorino romano, San Marzano tomato sauce, Sicilian oregano, & extra virgin olive oil. The Burrata comes with burrata, prosciutto di parma, garlic sauteed rapini, & extra virgin olive oil. The hamburger comes with grass feed beef, bibb lettuce, grilled onions, tomato, and basil aioli on a brioche bun with fries. My son loved his burger. He didn't add the onions or tomatoes, but the basil aioli gave it a great taste. And the fries remind me of McDonald's fries a little bit but better. Oh and the complimentary bread with butter was so good. I forgot to ask what butter they use, but it was super yummy. Our server was so nice and attentive. When you come in, you first see the bakery and to go to the restaurant area, you walk to the left and check in with the host at a gold table with a beautiful bouquet. The restaurant is white and elegant but casual at the same time. We really enjoyed everything from the food to the service and will definitely be back!

See all photos from Varinia R. for Bottega Louie

Veronica A.
Elite 26
San Francisco, CA
13 Brunch reviews
Jul 8, 2023
3 photos
Had a great time getting brunch at Bottega Louie. I went with my cousins and we had a great time getting brunch and drinks. The vibe here is amazing and there are so many things to look at, my favorite thing to see where the delicious pastries that looked too good to be eaten. I also grabbed a couple of things to go -- a fruit tart, and a blueberry pastry I forgot the name of.

Now for the food. Their pizzas look delicious and I wish I would've gotten one of those. I opted for the French toast, which was good and definitely on the very sweet side. Their menu is pretty extensive so you are sure to find something that you will enjoy. I also got a side of house potatoes which were also very delicious. The drinks on the menu are really really good too, highly recommend the peach bellini! Service was excellent and everyone was very attentive.

I highly recommend that you make a reservation as it will take a long time for you to get seated, especially during the weekend.all
Overall, it was a really great experience and I cannot wait to go back .

Eliza E.
San Diego, CA
6 Italian Food reviews
Mar 25, 2025
2 photos
Got the classic Bolognese dish and my boyfriend got the chicken Parmesan and both were so yum! The ambience is classy and calming considering we went more close to closing. Super relaxing as well and the service was phenomenal and were very attentive to our questions about the menu. Not pictured was the beignets they served and they were amazing. Probably one of the best I've tried in the past couple years mixed with their raspberry jam. Definitely plan on coming back soon!

Nic R.
Elite 26
Decatur, GA
16 Brunch reviews
Jan 4, 2025
Super overpriced place in DTLA. The food options were limited. The service was quick and the servers were patient and friendly. The desserts were good but the food was bland. This restaurant is a hustle and bustle type and not calm and classy at all.

Paul Y.
Fullerton, CA
0432
Sep 20, 2025
Absolutely love the place. Pizza, pasta, salad, and chicken parm were fantastic. We weren't too crazy about the ribeye and portobello fries through. Very friendly staff and great ambiance. Based on the location and decor, I expected the prices to be somewhat higher, but it was more than reasonable (all things considering). Being in DTLA, parking will always be a problem. We parked valet ($15 + tip). Next time, I may try taking the Metro here for brunch.

Wayne P.
Frazier Park, CA
5 Brunch reviews
Sep 7, 2025
The baked sweet confections are in a class by themselves! The selection, quality, and presentation is fantastic!

Diana M.
Elite 26
Pasadena, CA
4 Italian Food reviews
Jun 1, 2024
3 photos
Had a reservation here for lunch on a Saturday. Wasn't too busy and the server was attentive and quick in taking our order and serving our food. We ordered the sausage pizza, tomato bruschetta, carbonara and grand macaron. The pizza was delicious with the perfect crust. The tomatoes they used on the bruschetta were very bright and fresh, I just wish it was more bite sized as it was a bit difficult to eat. The carbonara was my favorite as it wasn't as heavy as I expected but was still so creamy, but the poached egg was a bit overcooked so, unfortunately, we didn't get that nice runny egg yolk. The grand macaron was the perfect way to end the meal as it was light and it rounded out the carb and dairy heavy meal we had. The inside of restaurant feels spacious and love how they've decorated the interior. Bathrooms are pretty too and incredibly well kept.

A W.
Emeryville, CA
040
Dec 10, 2025
Arrived a bit early and sat right away. Wonderful service ... lots of recommendations from the holiday drink menu Pizza is AMAZING and pasta is always perfect! A great ambiance regardless if it's busy or a calm night.

Max M.
Cottonwood Heights, UT
4 Brunch reviews
Feb 3, 2025
1 photo
This was a very good steak for the place not being a steakhouse. Good in size, cooked very well, lots of flavor. There's also tons of fries that it came with so the portion size was great. Everyone else's food that I was eating with looked great as well and they were satisfied.

Ribeye steak

Kionah D.
CA, CA
0243
Dec 17, 2025
Great customer service. I tried the bolognese and it was good. I like extra sauce, but they don't offer that unfortunately. They did have fresh parm and we made it just in time to try/buy a few macaroons.

Lisa D.
Elite 26
Riverside, CA
11 Dessert reviews
Oct 19, 2023
1 photo
This review is purely for their macarons, lots of flavors, most of them pretty basic but I had the flavor of the month which was pumpkin spice latte even though I'm not huge into pumpkin spice or coffee lmao I didn't hate it but the coffee and pumpkin flavor balanced pretty well. Favorite was the raspberry as it felt very fresh and strong in flavor

The store is super pretty and so are all the desserts, as expected. I need to try their cakes in the future

Deidre M.
Elite 26
Los Angeles, CA
18 Italian Food reviews
May 24, 2024Updated review
1 photo
This update is only for their Bella Cake. I ordered one online for my husbands birthday and picked up on 5/21 evening. To our surprise when opening the box - the sponge layers were bright PINK, unlike the photo on the website (vanilla / white). This is why I didn't get the celebration cake - bc it's majority pink. Not the end of the world, but not the vibe I was going for my husband's milestone birthday treat. I expected it to be as pictured. The color didn't make it any less tasty but for photos and presentation this was really disappointing.

Website shows sponge cake layers as vanilla / white

Dec 11, 2022Previous review
Wow it's been 13 years since my initial review! It's still going strong and as delicious and consistent than ever. Had a pizza at 10:30am today and it was glorious. Pastry was also amazing with coffee, so light. Next time, want a baguette!

Apr 23, 2009Previous review
Interior is great! Set up is spacious and hip. I've only tried their tarts (pretty good and very pretty looking), bran muffins (a little more raisins please and spice??), coffee (fairly good beans), mustard potato salad (GROSS and the potatoes weren't cooked), and curry chicken salad (very good). Great location as well, near the Metro and jewelry and fashion districts. Overall, I really like this place but the cashiers are SLOW...then again, it is a new place and they haven't yet got their groove yet! :) I'm hopeful! Cannot wait to try their menu the prices aren't bad.

Antonio C.
Elite 26
Pasadena, CA
3 Brunch reviews
Jul 3, 2025
the food quality is great but the ambiance is fantastic, the servers were amaazing, a bit of a while ago I got the pizza, it was absolutely delicious, the bakeries looked good but I didn't get any.

Ashli A.
Elite 26
Los Angeles, CA
14 Italian Food reviews
Oct 15, 2023
5 photos
Italian is my favorite cuisine, and Bottega Louie didn't disappoint.

The restaurant is conveniently located next to 2 parking lots and on the same block as Whole Foods, so you won't have to panic about parking (which is often impossible downtown). The ambiance is very elegant and classy.

For our lunch, my friend and I enjoyed the Calamari Fritti, Blue Prawns Bagna Cauda, Avocado Toast, and ended with an assortment of their famous macarons.

I usually pass on the table bread, but the smell of fresh bread from the next table made me reconsider. The bread is delicious! I started with the calamari fritti, which was fried to perfection! The texture has to be perfect. I don't like over-fried calamari. It was perfect, and beyond delicious. The avocado toast was so big that we shared! 10/10! Lastly, my favorite dish, the Blue Prawns Bagna Cauda (DELICIOUS!!!) These prawns were enormous, perfectly seasoned, and fried to perfection! Flavorful and delectable.

We ended with the macarons, which were so delicious that I ordered a set of them to take home. They looked too beautiful to eat!

The service was phenomenal, and I will surely be returning!

See all photos from Ashli A. for Bottega Louie

Sheila K.
Elite 26
Hercules, CA
49 Dessert reviews
Dec 30, 2024Updated review
It has been a long time since I have been here. I was finally in the area and picked up some macarons and beignets. Both tasted delicious but also came with a hefty price tag. I am glad this place is still around because the food is pretty good.

Feb 26, 2011Previous review
We came here on a late saturday afternoon after the NBA All Stars Jam Session. I have always pass by this place and noticed it was always packed with people. It is quite loud in here and seems like a happening spot in downtown. They have a bunch of pastries. My boyfriend really enjoyed the drinks here, so if you're looking for a good drink, I'd give this place a try.

The DISH:
Farmers market breakfast: this wasn't bad. the poach eggs were really good and the tomatoes were delicious. It's kinda wet though. But you can tell the ingredients are fresh, the quality of the mushrooms and green beans were really up to par.
Lemon Ricotta pancakes with blueberry syrup: this is a nice simple dish topped with powdered sugar and garnished with blueberries. It wasn't too sweet and had a tanginess but the ricotta balances the flavors. My only thing to improve on this is that it needs to be moister.
The french fries here were fair. It is something I would not order again though.
Arugula salad: I liked the chunks or parmesan cheese. I would go easy on the olive oil though.
Napoli pizza: good crust.
Clam pizza: MOST DELICIOUS THING I HAD. It has a great garlic and clam flavor. I would recommend and order this again and again. Will not disappoint especially if you like seafood.

We also had a great server. All in all, I would come here again if I was in the area.

Jennifer P.
Whittier, CA
5 Dessert reviews
Sep 1, 2025
2 photos
Bottega had gone down the hill. half of the dessert section is empty, waiters are not so nice ( We asked for bread. (10 min after asking ) she replied "I have not left this section" i know she's overloaded with work. she looked stressed out. mind you we got there before rush hour it was not busy yet. Anyhow, my pasta was burnt and crispy who crisps pasta did not taste good. waiter again said you should have mentioned something, she was no where to be found. Last complain... no where in the restaurant does it say 5% surcharge... a surprise change on top of our over charged meals...

surcharges, no where advertised just a nice surprise when check out!

burnt crispy not good pasta....

Alexza D.
Santa Clarita, CA
20 Brunch reviews
Aug 15, 2025
Love there beignets are so delicious. One of the best pastas carbonara is very creamy first time trying it and it blow my mind having it with a poached egg was like the cherry on top. Must try also tuna tartare best appetizers. Service was great

Katie C.
Elite 26
Los Angeles, CA
8 Brunch reviews
Jun 28, 2024
4 photos
first time trying the pizza here and it's AMAZING! totally recommend. the pepperoni looked so good but we got sausage and it did not disappoint! the sausage were flavorful and had a bit of a kick. thin sliced pizza is always a must!

the bolognese was also really good! i loved how the noodles are very big and flat, easy to eat and saucey! great for sharing!

05.31.2024

Sam P.
Costa Mesa, CA
9 Brunch reviews
Jul 28, 2025
Whenever there's a special event, I always come here to buy desserts and cakes! They're always delicious, and I'm always satisfied with the new seasonal menus too. It's a place I'd recommend to anyone. I've also had dinner here before, and I was surprised at how high-quality the food was not just the desserts. Whether it's for an anniversary dinner or just for dessert and cake, this is definitely a restaurant I'd love to recommend.

Gracela B.
Elite 26
Valencia, Santa Clarita, CA
17 Brunch reviews
Sep 30, 2023
3 photos
On Grand Avenue close to the LA Public library - one of my favorite restaurants.

Everything I have ordered here has been good. Here are some favorite lunch or dinner combinations for two people:

Food

Portobello fries - this is the only restaurant that I have had these. I wish they are ubiquitous as the roasted brussel sprouts but this is the only place that I can find them.

Pastas - any but favorite is carbonara

Salads - Italian if you want something substantial for it has various meats and all the others salads are good and on "lighter side"

Pizza - all are delicious

Baran K.
Elite 26
Irvine, CA
16 Italian Food reviews
Dec 22, 2024
A long time favorite! I love going on for a very prolonged lunch when I'm in LA. All the food is incredible and the restaurant is beautiful!! You walk in to the amazing pastries up front and then the relaxing and tropical yet elegant patio for dining. I LOVE it. Service has always been great, with servers being very patient and understanding that the dining experience here may be a couple-hours-long affair.

Sarah S.
Albany, CA
7 Dessert reviews
Jun 17, 2024
7 photos
Food, service, the seating, everything is always so perfect.
You know the food will be amazing if the complimentary bread is to amazing.
The louie salad and salmon tartare was a breath of fresh air.
The portobello fries are a must (we always get two for each sides of the table).
The table next to us ordered fried calamari that smelled so good we ended up ordering and devouring one for the table.
You can never go wrong with a fresh margarita pizza.
But the chicken can SO BE SKIPPED. I honestly couldn't tell what I was eating... took one bite and didn't touch it further. But our server was too nice for me to send it back‍

See all photos from Sarah S. for Bottega Louie

Fabiana L.
Los Angeles, CA
11 Brunch reviews
Feb 5, 2025
1 photo
Great atmosphere!! Superb service and great food! Went for an early Sunday breakfast and it was phenomenal !

Mother daughter breakfast

Alex T.
Elite 26
All-Star
Downtown, Sacramento, CA
79 Brunch reviews
May 29, 2023
1 photo
I haven't been here for a hot minute. It still taste as good as I remembered it. Morning brunch on weekends is when I like to come or during dinner time. This time one dish caught my eye on the brunch menu.
.
Lobster hash - ok this is the brunch item I recommend if you love brunch, lobster, potatoes, and eggporn with a yummy sauce. Basically they have this cream sauce like a tomatoes bisque, leek and onion potatoe which is so fragrant good, it's like a hash brown basically. Then topped with poached lobster tail. Then 2 poached eggs on top with topped arugula too. It's just layer after layer of goodness. The price point was only 32 for something fancy like this.
.
Overall the next table was asking me what's good, I told them lobster hash was the way to go. They got it and thanked me after. Also save room for the pretty desserts they serve. Thanks for reading and have a yelptastic day.

Lobster hash..

Mandy F.
Elite 26
Alhambra, CA
72 Brunch reviews
May 22, 2023Updated review
2 photos
Ribeye steak and eggs, steak cooked Med rare, potatoes were lightly seasoned and tossed with bell peppers and onions.

Portobello mushroom fries are always a must when I come here. It's SOOO good and that garlic ailoi sauce that they give you is just divine. Not heavily batter mushroom and just oh so good.

Le pancake doesn't look fluffy until you cut into it and eat it. OH WOW...the moist and fluffy texture and crispy edges. Very nice.

Service was great and our server made sure he always checked with us.

The place itself is just beautiful and the kitchen is open, you can see everything being cooked and on the other side you can see the pizza being made in a brick oven with a guy actually tossing the dough up and down.

Steak and eggs

Jun 6, 2022Previous review
It's been years since I have came here.

Got the truffle pizza, portobello fries and cobb salad.

Pizza is sooo good. You can taste the truffle and it wasnt overbearing, just perfect. The crust to this pizza is so yummy and not too thick.

portobello mushroom fries is always a favorite of mine here. You must get it if you like mushroom and if you don't you should still give it a a try. The dipping sauce they give you is divine.

Cobb salad is different here, they toss it with a vinaigrette dressing with was really refreshing and yummy salad

Do not forget the check out their sweets. cakes, tarts, cookies and macaron.

you can valet for 15 or park across the street for 7.00 the choice is all yours.

Sep 26, 2012Previous review
Macaroons are to die for, so moist and flavorful. I really honestly couldn't get enough of all the wonderful goodies they had.

Macaroons, fruit tarts, cheesecake and much much more!

Service was great and the food was delightful! Be ready for the line but it's all worth it!

Star spotting: Aviva Baumann , from Superbad, she was the girl that McLovin had a crush on!

Kaylee L.
Arcadia, CA
3 Dessert reviews
Feb 20, 2025
3 photos
Everything we ordered was so good. Just super pricey love how everything tastes so light and satisfying. The pizza is quite a generous size so make sure to go with a friend! And that way you guys can also split the bill... ‍

Nicole M.
Ventura, CA
20 Italian Food reviews
Nov 3, 2024
Everything was great! Had a short wait for our table. It's a loud, bustling place with a terrific brunch menu.

Calamari was a little salty, but great mains like lobster hash, pasta carbonara, salmon Benedict, hamburgers, pizza, club sandwiches, Caesar salad - all terrific !

We sampled nearly all deserts, and one was better than the next!

It's busy, but service kept up. $500 brunch well spent!

Angelica L.
Elite 26
All-Star
Austin, TX
54 Brunch reviews
Jun 10, 2023Updated review
10 photos
Overall: 4.6/5 (dine in)

My friends and I came for coffee and pastries which had a different seating area from the restaurant. They had a great variety of pastries, desserts, and drinks for a reasonable price.

Zeppoli ($5): This is an Italian pastry consisting of a deep-fried dough topped with sugar. It's very flakey, and you get that crunch from the granular sugar. However, it was more on the bland side so I didn't care for it.

Pretzel Cheese ($4.50): This is very different from the pretzels I had at Auntie Anne's or Wetzel's Pretzels. You barely taste the cheese so I'm not sure what I was tasting. I didn't like it but this was my friend's favorite.

Monkey Bread ($5.50): This is an explosion of flavors because it has so many things in there - you get cinnamon, chocolate, & walnut all from one bite. I think it would have been better warm instead of room temperature but it was definitely one of my favorites. A very close first to the chocolate hazelnut supreme croissant.

Chocolate Hazelnut Supreme Croissant ($9): Had to get this since I've been seeing this all over TikTok, and this was my favorite pastry. I love the croissant taste and texture. It had condensed layers so it's not as flakey as the zeppoli but it tasted better. The chocolate hazelnut topping and filling wasn't too sweet but I think there was a bit too much of the chocolate filling. If we didn't split this between the 3 of us, I would say the chocolate would have been overwhelming and the monkey bread would have been my favorite.

16 Oz Iced Lavender Latte With Oat Milk ($6.25): Wow, this was really good. The barista gave me the latte with the layers all separated instead of mixed up. I barely saw a thin line of the lavender syrup so I thought the flavor would be light but I was wrong. The latte was well balanced and delicious!

See all photos from Angelica L. for Bottega Louie

Nov 12, 2022Previous review
Overall: 4.4/5

Bottega Louie is an aesthetic establishment. They have a patisserie, a cafe, a bar, & a restaurant. They have beautiful desserts that are too pretty to eat. We only got dessert and a refreshing beverage so we need to come back to try their food & alcoholic drinks.

5 Piece Macaron Box ($16): We got Grand Cru, Earl Grey, Pistachio, Espresso, & the Macaron of the month. They were all really good but I would say the Grand Cru is my least favorite. They are pricier than other places at $3.20/macaron but are perfect for gifts.

Mint Lemonade: This was okay. Definitely not worth it.

Joshua L.
Elite 26
Santa Clara, CA
14 Brunch reviews
Jul 15, 2023
3 photos
The space is quite large and well designed, given the open space there is plenty of circulation and the acoustics are balanced by the open space.

Didn't feel overly loud and nearby conversation didn't care, which made it helpful to have causal conversation around the table.

Food came out with a flow and didn't feel rushed to eat and go.

The front also offer baked goods, which will break the bank after enjoying a good mean from the restaurant. Staff was friendly and open to conversation, as long as you give them space and greet them with a warm smile and hello. Overall great place and will be back soon!

Airi G.
Elite 26
All-Star
Walnut, CA
95 Brunch reviews
May 14, 2023Updated review
2 photos
This is THE place to be in the morning with a drink and pastry in hand... but I went at night because work obligations call first, unfortunately. Even though I went late in the day, they still had a variety of pastries left of which the raspberry beignet and monkey bread caught my eye.

Monkey bread is such a nostalgic childhood snack for me and this one was a much more eloquent version than the one my mom always made. It had a beautiful flaky outer crust with the most buttery, sweet cinnamon-y center. The pull-apart aspect is my favorite part of the pastry and with every pull, there was a mixture of pecans and chocolate chunks.

The raspberry beignet was like your typical doughnut with a sugary dusting and raspberry filling. There wasn't really a wow factor.

My drink of choice was the Matcha Nitro Latte which I'd never heard of before. The kind lady explained to me that it was ceremonial matcha concentrate with nitrogen-infused cold brew. The result was a really light, airy drink that I honestly could've drank in just 3 sips. We got one regular and one with lavender syrup which I highly recommend. The floral note adds a great depth of flavor to the fluffy matcha drink.

I had such a great experience here overall with both customer service and ambiance. I love natural light and the window seating was perfect. With a large, luxurious pastry selection and a unique drink menu, this is a great place to catch up with friends.

Fluffy raspberry beignet

Monkey bread with dark chocolate chunks and pecans

May 6, 2023Previous review
This was not the first choice restaurant to celebrate my boyfriend's birthday but wow am I glad it popped up on Yelp.

I was craving something with tomato sauce so I went with the margherita pizza despite my usual love for white sauce. The crust was AMAZING. The center is very thin and crispy while the crust is so doughy and fluffy. The combination and execution could not be more perfect...and this is coming from someone who generally does not like pizza.

We also got carbonara which was creamy and slightly on the saltier side. I didn't mind it though because I ended up using some of my crust to eat with the pasta and that combination was immaculate. I loved that the pancetta came in thick pieces and the poached egg provided a good amount of creaminess.

To end the night, we ordered a blueberry mascarpone pastry which reminded me of the Great British Baking Show because I know how labor intensive and delicate these desserts are to make. The exterior was beautiful and the interior was delicious. The packaging and all the small designs were so carefully detailed, I couldn't help but want to keep all of it even after we finished eating.

The interior is very spacious with small, intimate tables and large tables to accommodate bigger parties. Our waitress was very kind and contributed to the great experience that we had overall.

Jason V.
Atlanta, GA
581311
Sep 4, 2025
Food was delicious, but the desserts were the best part for me. I definitely might have had more than delectable treat during my stay in LA.

Andrew D.
Los Angeles, CA
50 Brunch reviews
May 14, 2024
2 photos
Yeah, the hype is real. As someone who came in with no expectations aside from the word-of-mouth from macaron aficionados on social media and friends, I was pleasantly surprised with how, well, excellent everything operates at Bottega Louie. From the flexibility with the waiting window for reservations (traffic and parking on any given night is a nightmare in DTLA), the fast service, to the quality of the food--Bottega Louie's team brings their A-game to the table.

What I tried:

Nitro Oat Milk Draft Latte: Nitro Cold Brew concentrate, oat milk, agave sweetener. Solid coffee beverage.

Lasagna: Best dish from the lot; meaty ragu, an array of Italian cheeses and cream sauces (Béchamel), layered between thin pasta. A hearty dish.

Burrata Pizza: Burrata, Mozzarella, Prosciutto, garlic, drizzled with olive oil.

Bianco Pizza: Mozzarella, ricotta, garlic, Parmigiano Reggiano, and arugula. I prefer the Burrata solely because the Bianco goes heavy-handed on the arugula; a delicious pizza if you don't mind an abundance of arugula that overpowers the other ingredients between bites.

And...what Bottega Louie is known for...macarons. Call me uncultured, uncouth, and downright unadventurous--I had never tried a macaron before my visit to Bottega Louie; I'm the "Go big or go home," type of guy when it comes to desserts, and macarons always seemed so petite and unsatisfying to me. Well, I actually enjoyed the chocolate macaron I purchased on my way out the door--small but hit the spot!

For all those of you that are adverse to dining at seemingly overhyped or overtly expensive restaurants, give Bottega Louie a go; you'll get both quantity and quality along with some ritzy pictures for your social media page!

The Lasagna. As good as it looks.

Half Bianco, Half Burrata.

Sherene H.
Elite 26
Kaneohe, HI
27 Dessert reviews
Jun 2, 2024
3 photos
Bottega Louie is on the corner and parking is hard to find. I got dropped off to run in to order some macarons to go. The quality is there but I feel like the taste has declined. I remember the taste being better but it has been years! I love the vanilla the best but earl grey used to be my favorite. The eclair I was sadly disappointed because inside is chocolate cream! It was my fault for not asking but I thought it would be vanilla cream. I am disappointed in the bakery side, but I do know the restaurant is delicious. I haven eaten there before. It's been years but I remember the mushroom fries were the best! Next time, I will dine in to eat at the restaurant.

Cherry L.
Palm Springs, CA
3 Brunch reviews
Mar 1, 2025
3 photos
Came to have lunch with a colleague. The place was nice has a good atmosphere. The food taste was so so. I used to get their desserts, dine in was first time.

Robin S.
Los Angeles, CA
10 Dessert reviews
Nov 11, 2024Updated review
10 photos
Love Love Love this place! Always a must in downtown. Shout out to Kevin D. Excellent server. Never had to ask, he was always on top of everything.

See all photos from Robin S. for Bottega Louie

Jul 19, 2024Previous review
Love this place! I love love love the pizza here. I have a lot of different dishes. Love them all. Bakery is a must!!!

Sep 4, 2023Previous review
Love this place!!! I love all the food and I tried the carbonara for the first time. It was so delicious that I had everyone on my table putting their fork in j my food!!! Had my fav sausage pizza and portobello fries. Don't forget to get dessert!!! Love the cheese pretzels and savory monkey bread!!!

Oct 20, 2016Previous review
Love this place! Everything is good. Can't go wrong. I just love the portobello fries and sausage pizza. Don't forget to have dessert. It's so wrong to miss this place for dessert!

Joyce L.
Elite 26
San Francisco, CA
29 Brunch reviews
Jul 10, 2023
3 photos
Bottega Louie has become THE place that I'll have to go when I'm ever in LA again! We stopped by here for lunch during weekday, and since we arrived early, we were able to get seated right away. The restaurant became super busy as lunch time approaches. Pro Tip: make a reservation via Resy to ensure you get a table. I didn't know they do reservation until I got there, so I'll make sure to have a reservation for future reference.

Bottega Louie has 2 sections: the front part is the bakery and the restaurant is in the back. The space is very bright, spacious and has super high ceilings. It does get loud when it gets busy and you kinda have to shout to talk to each other.

Service was good. Attentive, nothing to complain about. Now onto the food: we ordered sausage pizza, carbonara pasta and had the le Noir as dessert. The Carbonara was the star of the lunch and it was sooooo good! The pizza was good too, but not as good as the pasta. We finished our meal with the Le Noir cake, and omg it was so good! I can say that it's probably the best chocolate cake I've had.

Overall, a very pleasant experience with great food. If I'm ever in LA again, I'd definitely come back!

Steve D.
Los Angeles, CA
8 Brunch reviews
Aug 9, 2025
We had a large part and all of the food was amazing. Everyone at the table of 14 was raving about their meals. The service was excellent - we felt well taken care of the entire evening. The ambiance is a little lacking as the space is cavernous with nothing to absorb the sound so it's a little loud. All in all, it was a great evening and as long as you're okay with some noise, it's a nice place for dinner.

Aashal P.
Elite 26
Los Angeles, CA
24 Brunch reviews
Aug 2, 2023
3 photos
Great ambience, pricey food but at least the pizzas are huge for the price you pay.

I don't eat onion, garlic, egg and am vegetarian-- was able to eat the white pizza with no garlic (can't do red sauce and the pasta has egg). The Brussel sprouts were fine as is and great for appetizers. Fries were a good add too.

Our server was thorough with my restrictions which I appreciated!

Monita C.
Rancho Palos Verdes, CA
3 Italian Food reviews
Mar 29, 2025
Great date spot if you are looking to impress and not break the bank. The star of the show are definitely the macaroons, they are top notch but the coffee at the time was a little disappointing.
Tip: the more macaroons you buy the more you save haha

Stephanie Y.
San Ramon, CA
8 Dessert reviews
Dec 16, 2024
What a yummy place! I went here to meet a friend for late brunch and dessert. I loved the chill cafe meets bakery meets restaurant vibe. Felt like there was a little something for everyone. The eclair and lychee tarts were amazing and the breakfast didn't feel too heavy either

Yolanda K.
Newport Beach, CA
021
Sep 10, 2025
1 photo
Taste of the dessert is just okay, not matching the price. The worst part is the staff serving at the dessert counter. When I tried to order, the male servant just skipped me and said he had to offer service to another man who is coming after me. Excuse me?? Thank God, another male servant came to me and helped me to check out. But I was still so disappointed after I opened the box, because they used a much larger size box to package a very small slice of cake, making the cake finally just look like trash. Good thing I didn't intend to purchase them for gifts. They need further training to become professional staff. Totally not worth it.

Dessert packaging

Kyle K.
Westside, NV, NV
0112
Feb 2, 2025
I've been coming here on and off for the past 10+ years. Always great cocktails and good energy, and the food and service are great too. Great spot if you also want to pick up a pastry or gift box of Macaroons for a friend.

Ambiance is well lit, clean, and open.

Richard P.
Central LA, West Hollywood, CA
030
Feb 14, 2026
very disappointed that I was charged 5% FEE FOR A SERVICE CHARGE. after paying a significant amount of money for breakfast. $55 for breakfast and then a 5% service charge for a back something like that.

Joey C.
Elite 26
Los Angeles, CA
9 Italian Food reviews
Nov 29, 2024
Fast and efficient service. Venue is beautiful and service was prompt snd delightful. The pecan pie ordered for thanksgiving was an art piece to look at!

LaTanya G.
Elite 26
Chicago, IL
18 Brunch reviews
May 15, 2023
7 photos
This place is great! It's such a vibe from the dim lighting, music, and ambiance. Stopped by here for dinner after seeing a play. I mentioned that because we arrived close to closing. Everything ordered was still fresh and so delicious. The portion size is very filling as well. My friend and I split appetizers and still had leftovers from the pizza and pasta. Both tasted just as great reheated, I'd like to add. Due to the timing of arriving we missed the macaron station that is inside the restaurant. Rate this place 5 !
Great customer service
Great food
Good music
Variety of options
Good portion sizes
Cute date spot, celebration, or justa night out :)

See all photos from LaTanya G. for Bottega Louie

Janey M.
Citrus Grove, Glendale, CA
18 Brunch reviews
Dec 29, 2024Updated review
1 photo
Nice place for lunch or dinner . Ambiance is always good. Good pizza and expresso martinis. Service is great, there burgers are yummy too.

Truffle mushroom pizza

Mar 31, 2024Previous review
Everything was perfect! Food amazing, friendly service and chill ambiance ‍. This is my second time here and I will def be returning!

Robert T.
Santa Monica, CA
020
Sep 1, 2025
Dropped by BL, one of our favorite DTLA spots before a Dodger game earlier this year. Ordered a pizza and a glass of house chardonnay. When done, the bill for the wine was $36. I asked the server why she didn't advise us, as that it almost twice the price of a house wine anywhere else. She simply said that was the price.
I wrote to the restaurant's principal, complaining, and never received a response. Disgusting and beyond disappointing. Not returning, after enjoying for 15 years or so.

Mr F.
Los Angeles, CA
010
Sep 1, 2025
I made a yelp account just to leave a review I would leave 1 star but it gets 2 because the service was great I went yesterday with my family to celebrate my sisters 25th birthday the food was ok thats it nothing crazy not only was it ok I got FOOD poisoning from the lobster hash I had ordered and it couldn't have been anything else because that was my FIRST meal of the day and it couldn't have been the pizza we ordered as well because I was the ONLY one who felt sick out of my whole family couple hours after eating from there I had the biggest urge to throw up I felt HORRIBLE this was my first AND MY LAST time coming here I can't believe I spent 35 dollars just to get food poisoning

Brit W.
Elite 26
Los Angeles, CA
66 Brunch reviews
Jun 10, 2023
2 photos
I know this place has rave reviews, but our experience was not all that optimal. We had a reservation for a Sunday afternoon and had only a short wait until our table was ready. While waiting, we did have the bar tender make us some excellent mimosas!

Upon being seated, we had an excellent server who was extremely kind, attentive, and considerate. Of course, the restaurant itself is amazing! The decor is beautiful, airy and bright.

Unfortunately, I was not overly impressed with our brunch. There was a long hair in our omlette, so I think that ruined it for me. The kids enjoyed their waffles, but I found the French toast to be average and not xooked well. The potatoes were extremely good!

I'd definitely try it again because they handled the hair well by removing it from the bill despite bringing us a replacement.

Odd because I thought I did a review but do not see it.

French Toast, omelette, potatoes and waffles

Omelette

Karen H.
Los Angeles, CA
020
Dec 7, 2025
I was extremely disappointed the food as usual was terrific. The service was terrible. I sat for 15 to 20 minutes before anyone paid attention to me.My waiter was rude. Despite my huge tip, I was treated terribly. I will come again only because I love the food and previously.service sucked food was great

Jonathan E.
Glendale, CA
3 Italian Food reviews
Nov 19, 2025
Wonderful vibe in here, no need to get too deep into it because the pics do it justice (for a change; many places are hard to get the feel of from pics, this one is so open and sun-welcoming that it is how it looks in the pics lol). You will enjoy every single salad if you're fond of salads without too heavily flavored dressings (crab Louie is a good example as some ppl I've dined with wanted more oomph w the dressing, i find it perfect because it doesn't overpower the star of the salad). Pizzas are delicious, solid ingredients and more than reasonable size. Only reason for the 4 star frankly is the fact I like other pizza spots better and it's not letting me add 4.5‍. For what it's worth, Bottega, you guys are NO LESS than four and a half and the vast majority of your staff are wonderful people. It is clear you train staff well and as a former service industry worker I respect that wholeheartedly.

Chillindrina F.
Los Angeles, CA
39 Brunch reviews
Dec 12, 2024
5 photos
One of my favorite spots in downtown. I usually sit at the bar. If you want a table, I recommend you make a reservation.

Parking: Valet parking is available and there are also 2 parking lots on Grand and 8th.
Apps: The carpaccio is one of my favorites as well as the Louie salad and Portobello Fries.
Mains: I love the branzino, and burrata pizza.
Cocktails: I recommend the Pineapple Express and Pear Martini.
Servers/ Bartenders: Very, very attentive and they always give great suggestions.

See all photos from Chillindrina F. for Bottega Louie

Pier P.
Elite 26
Los Angeles, CA
24 Italian Food reviews
May 21, 2024Updated review
3 photos
What a fabulous choice for breakfast! I have enjoyed their lovely lunch menu in the past, but this was a first. Love the atmosphere and the service. The choices of food! Perfect selection of bread or English muffin with two delicious eggs, bacon AND sausage! Rosemary potatoes too. Great coffee! Of course there's the bakery...chocolate croissant anyone? Two kinds of monkey bread?! Nirvana. If that isn't enough of an enticement, the Broad Museum is down the street.

Jun 2, 2023Previous review
This place is the bomb. Pizza, pasta, beignets or macarons. It's just fabulous. Also, the impeccable service and the divine atmosphere. It's fantastic. Go. Just go.

Meynell M.
Los Angeles, CA
0134
Aug 27, 2024
1 photo
I love this place! Service is awesome! The food is great! Especially the portobello fries! My favorite! Pizza is good too! Not to mention their French Toast!!! Amazing, definitely a MUST try!

Their macarons sooo good! The packaging when you buy them in boxes, are a delight! Last but not least, the ambiance, the high ceilings and open layout. Will keep coming back!

Strawberry Cake- Delish!!!

Adam M.
Santa Rosa Valley, CA
16 Brunch reviews
Aug 26, 2025
Me and my family just went here last Friday and the food was amazing for starters we had a crab cake it was so good I was at a loss for words then we had a pepperoni pizza. OH MY GOSH it is one of the best pizzas I have ever tasted in my life. The service was fast and efficient. The ok of the restaurant was just amazing it had a very classy look to but also nice and comfortable. I would definitely recommend this restaurant it is one of the best in Los Ang

Libby B.
Tucson, AZ
4 Italian Food reviews
Aug 7, 2025
Go here immediately. Seriously, food is delicious, service is exceptional, space is beautiful! The hostesses were friendly and kind, our waitress was WONDERFUL! So attentive! We loved the bolognese and pizza and the calamari! The macaroons are so incredible too! I really cannot say enough good things about our visit. Everything works perfectly here, the food is absolutely delicious and fresh, the employees and manager were so lovely and professional and I think everyone needs to be eating here because this was hands down our best dining experience ever. Kudos to all the amazing staff and people running this establishment! We will return soon and thank you endlessly for such a beautiful dinner!

Zach S.
Elite 26
Phoenix, AZ
24 Brunch reviews
May 17, 2024
I have no idea why this place has 4 stars.

The food is absolutely terrible.

The pizza tastes like freezer food, the calamari has zero taste, the bread was hard like a rock, the drinks are lackluster and the service was also very absent.

I wouldn't recommend wasting your money here at all.

Shane W.
Elite 26
Carlsbad, CA
21 Brunch reviews
Apr 14, 2024
7 photos
Wow, Wow, Wow, take a bow Bottega Louie, you managed to exceed our expectations, while setting the example for others to reach. Everything we ordered was DE-Lish-Us!! The portobello mushroom fries are a MUST try, perfect crunch with the perfect flavor. Bruschetta was very good as well. The courses were all so good. The Branzino was great, melted in your mouth. The Lasagna was Amazing, so rich and full of flavor with homemade pasta layers. Of course we had to try the Tartufo Pizza, which was one of the best and most unique pizzas I've ever tasted. I can't even describe it, the truffle oil is amazing!!! And to keep it healthy we had the Italian salad, which was sooo refreshing! The star of the drinks was the Black and Blue!!! So good that others switched to it for round two

See all photos from Shane W. for Bottega Louie

Fern P.
CA, CA
036
Feb 21, 2025
1 photo
The food was great, the dish had plenty of lobster and the dessert was amazing. The service could be better; our waiter was rude to us and I could see that he was treating other tables differently. The ambiance is good, but there's always a lot of people and it's usually very loud.

Lobster fra diavolo

Selene A.
Gardena, CA
5 Brunch reviews
Jul 3, 2025
Great date night for pizza and drinks inside an upscale environment. Great to stop by after an event in Dtla, visited for vantines with my valentine

Kianna F.
Los Angeles, CA
16 Brunch reviews
Dec 18, 2024
3 photos
Walked in without a reservation on a Wednesday night and was seated right away. The food was great and the service was fast.

Melinda B.
Elite 26
Pico Rivera, CA
92 Brunch reviews
Apr 3, 2023
3 photos
Meh, I was a little disappointed but the experience.

We started our night at the bar, while waiting for our table. The drinks were nicely made and tasted good. However, the bar top was not maintained very well. There was some trash on the counter that was not cleaned up the whole time we were there. I honestly got a sense that the whole place was not very well taken care of. It like, it WANTS to seem upscale but when you look closer, you see trash and dirt and dust.

We got seated and we ordered the ibérico appetizer. The ibérico was three, small pieces. It was paired with bruschetta. The bruschetta was plain, plain, plain. It only consisted of chopped tomato. No oil, no salt, not nothin'. It was try bread with dry tomatoes on top (that weren't even delicious on their own.). The ibérico was served cold, so the fat was firm. The appeal of ibérico is to have it warmed up a bit, so the fat melts a little bit and it melts in your mouth as you chew. It came with a side of olives that were good, but seemed unnecessary. The whole dish was off. Just plate some ibérico and manchego cheese, with some olives if you want. The bruschetta was an odd addition.

My friend ordered the braised short rib in a reduction sauce and polenta. I though the dish was nice and humble. The flavors complimented each other and the meat was tender.

I ordered the truffle pizza. It was okay...

The appetizer was disappointing. The meals were good but I wasn't smitten.

Aliya Y.
Elite 26
Yorba Linda, CA
15 Dessert reviews
May 15, 2024
2 photos
Came here after nearly a decade because I went to a show nearby. Food was boring and underseasoned. Also was hoping to get some macrons after our meal but turns out the bakery counter before the rest of the restaurant (midnight) so when we went over to buy some at about 10pm. I guess it closes at 9:30? It is still a beautiful restaurant but there are too many better places to eat in LA for me to return.

Caprese Salad

Shrimp pasta (very bland)

Aiko K.
Elite 26
Los Angeles, CA
19 Brunch reviews
May 23, 2023
2 photos
I didn't realize our hotel was going to be so walkable to/from Bottega Louie. I haven't been here in over 8 years (since I'm from Dallas) but the place looks just as beautiful as I remembered it to be!

We were just gonna grab pastries here but we were actually hungrier than just grab n go so we sat down for breakfast. We ordered the avocado toast and breakfast plate, which were both big portions, and a side of fruit. The avocado toast had mini pepperoni in it which I've never seen before but it elevated the flavors more because of the saltiness of the meat (and it's always nice to have more protein). As for the brekkie plate.. you can't go wrong with that but everything was cooked to perfection as well. My favs were the sausages and potatoes.

Everyone from the host to the busser and our server was friendly and attentive. We were too full to even grab a pastry from here but hoping to get some before we leave town!

Pastries by the entrance

Avocado toast and breakfast plate

Liz N.
Elite 26
Westminster, CA
33 Brunch reviews
Jul 10, 2023
1 photo
The photo is awful but that CAESAR SALAD was incredible. The best salad I've ever had. The lettuce was so crunchy and cold. I feel like I had an out of body experience with it. PORTABELLO FRIES are absolutely amazing. I don't eat meat anymore and they are the closest thing I've had that feel and taste like meat. GET THEM. The pizza is obviously a fan favorite here. Super fresh. Super creamy. A must try.
Fish was decent, but I wasn't the biggest fan.

Our server was so sweet and attentive. She had cute little remarks and made us laugh.

Inside is pretty big and beautiful! I wish I had saved room for dessert, but NOW I HAVE TO come back!

Daniele J.
Elite 26
Los Angeles, CA
8 Brunch reviews
Nov 11, 2024
It's right near Joey. I go here a fair amount of time. The food is great. I only annoyance with the place is that it feels loud. If I want to go here for a work lunch I usually can't hear everybody. For a big group, it's good. But again it's not meant for deep conversation. It's meant for loud social fun environment. The pizzas are great. The pasta is great. The windows look pretty sweet in them. Once in a while will be dropping here. Just grab one macaroon to go.

Rick S.
Elite 26
Irvine, CA
39 Brunch reviews
May 11, 2024
2 photos
Super delicious brunch and pastries. Our server was friendly and helpful. Service was quick as our food came quickly after ordered. Portobello fried are a "Must Get" appetizer here. Ambiance is upscale, French-inspired cafe in Paris. You'll love it here. Highly recommended!

Cream cheese strawberry croissant

Salmon Benedict

Steven K.
Los Angeles, CA
7 Italian Food reviews
Dec 1, 2025
Great food, terrible service. A bit Pretentious. There are better options in and near the area.

Pranjali S.
Elite 26
San Diego, CA
95 Brunch reviews
May 14, 2023
10 photos
We were lucky to get seated immediately after showing up on a fairly busy Sat during the USC graduation and Mother's Day weekend. I couldn't make reservations online so I assume they didn't have a reservation system.

When you walk in, you get a full view of their bakery section, the delicious macarons and pasties on the right and the open view kitchen on the left. The whole place has a relaxed, modern and fancy-casual feel. It is definitely loud, thanks to the open layout. So you do have to scream into people's ears. The service was very nice but could've been a little more prompt.

We ordered plates to share so we all tasted a bit of everything - the lobster hash, the smoked salmon Benedict, the calamari fritti and the Louis salad. I got an iced matcha green tea latte which was very very good for a matcha lover.

The smoked salmon Benedict was the best of all the food. The salmon had a slight tarty-spicy kick to it which I enjoyed. The hash cake it lay on was also delicious. The hollandaise was well done as was the poached egg. All in all, great recipe.

The lobster hash sounded much better than it was. The hash was delicious. The lobster could've had a little more salt or spice to it as it was pretty bland. The sauce it came in was too liquid and had a yolky taste to it which I didn't particularly love. Some of the greens accompanying the dish were also little bitter for my taste buds. So, a dish that sounded tastier than it was.

The calamari was as expected. Nothing too fancy, nothing too out of the ordinary. It was a nice accompaniment as a smaller plate with 3 other big plates.

The Louis salad was delicious! As a rule, I don't order salads because I don't consider it a full meal. But this salad was a tasty medley of greens, crab, avocadoes and a dressing that got my taste buds singing. It was also a huge portion! Among the four of us, we had a hard time finishing everything.

As a dessert, we first ordered the almond pistachio cherry pastry which deserves an entire star in itself. It looked so so perfect and, if it is even possible, tasted better than it looked! The pistachio jaconde cake was moist and light, the cherry marmalade was perfectly sweet and firm and the almond and pistachio mousse was so so tasty. We cleaned that up!

We then also ordered a limonchello which was a tarty tart with a limonchello curd and limonchello cloud with pralines. Now, as a rule, I'm one of those tart-loving people who complain "not enough lemon, needs more lime..." Well, ladies and gentlemen, not this time! This was so so tarty and just the right level of sweet that I couldn't get enough of it! The tart itself was a little firm and we were so full, I only licked off all the limoncello curd and the cloud. I'm not a fan of pralines, especially when they interfere with my soul-calming experience with limonchello or lemon or lime tartness. So maybe they should get rid of the pralines.

All in all, the food is good but those pastries blew out minds. Come here for the pastries. I wish I could've tried the macarons but we were so full that we could not. So next time it is!

See all photos from Pranjali S. for Bottega Louie

Iris L.
Elite 26
Alhambra, CA
21 Brunch reviews
Jul 4, 2023
9 photos
I have been wanting to check this place out for a while, and finally made time for it recently. The place is pretty spacious, not a lot of decor in the dining room.

Originally, I thought it's a chic place for a quiet brunch, it turns out to be the opposite. There's no music played in the dining area. All I heard about were people talking around me. I happened to be sitting on the bench area and I felt every step when the little kid was jumping next to me. While I was waiting for my server, I had nothing to do but to look at other people which were sitting on the other side of the room, which was awkward. The tables were a bit closer than what I would've liked. As far as the food goes, I ordered the pancake, lobster hash and portebello fries.

Lobster hash- comes with 2 poached eggs with lobster on top, surrounded by a sauce similar to lobster bisque sand hash at the bottom. The lobster is not overcooked or rubbery, which is nice.

Le pancake- it's a nice souffle pancake with strawberry at the bottom, with strawberry sauce on the side. I like the fluffy texture and small amount of crispiness on the edges. I would definitely get it again if I ever come back.

Montebello fries- it's portebello mushroom with a batter and you dip it in the garlic aioli. I am uncertain what the hype is about for the fries. The batter for the fries is pretty thick, almost reminds me of potato wedges. It's good but not that great.

One thing that I didn't like was the fact that they added a 5% surcharge due to inflation. The restaurant could've just printed new menus and reflected the cost rather than add an additional charge at the end of the tap. Then on top of that, customers still have to tip. My brunch for 2 turned out to be a bit over $100, which is on the pricer side for brunch.

I also ordered an apple turnover and 2 macaroons to go. The apple turnover was pretty sweet, sweeter than my liking. I ordered the earl grey and coffee macaroon. I don't really like the earl grey since it has chocolate in the middle. The coffee one is pretty good

See all photos from Iris L. for Bottega Louie

Vuyelwa W.
Elite 26
Hercules, CA
29 Italian Food reviews
Nov 9, 2024
DTLA Patisserie - this is a must visit if you're in LA ! Beautiful ambiance and stunning variety of pastries macarons and croissants and all other baked goodies! You will love it . Service is impeccable too ! Highly recommend!!

Cathy Y.
Los Angeles, CA
23 Italian Food reviews
May 13, 2024
4 photos
This place was #okay! We came in at 11a on mothers day and was able to quickly get a seat at the counter. We weren't feeling super hungry so got the salmon benedict and the louie salad. Both were quite good! But the ending price $70 (!!!) was kind of steep for what it was.

It was fun to pop by one of the most rated restaurants in LA, and parking was easy enough. but TBH if I didn't live super close by I wouldn't come here. DTLA is kind of a mess, the food was just okay, and the restuarant itself wasn't that cute! It has super bare walls, that they even said it looked like an apple store. LOL

Vitaliy G.
Downtown, Los Angeles, CA
4 Dessert reviews
Sep 2, 2024
6 photos
I visited here to celebrate my birthday. Despite not making any reservations, I easily got a table around 4 PM on a weekday without waiting.

The seat I got was near the pizza oven, which made it uncomfortably hot and far from an enjoyable dining experience. I had the onion soup as a starter, which was delicious, especially the part baked with cheese on top.

For the main course, I ordered two types of pasta. One of them was carbonara pasta with added shrimp, which I realized was an extra $50 when calculating the bill. While the shrimp was large and tasty, I couldn't help but think it would have been better if the server had mentioned the price when taking the order, considering it's quite expensive.

The overall atmosphere of the restaurant is quite clean and stylishly presented. However, the staff seemed a bit indifferent, and I didn't find the service from the servers particularly good. It's a decent place to enjoy a casual meal or a date, but if you're looking for better service and taste, I wouldn't recommend it.

See all photos from Vitaliy G. for Bottega Louie

Tian W.
Ventura, CA
22 Dessert reviews
Jul 9, 2024
4 photos
Known for their pastries but went here for a group dinner + cake. All the pizza was amazing with a nice chewy crust and a thin crispy bottom. You can also watch them make the pizzas on the dining floor! I loved the light but creamy burrata pizza, but the calabrese pizza was also great. Not overly meaty or salty, and had a pleasant spicy kick.
The bolognese was okay but I'm not usually a huge fan of bolognese so I wasn't sure expecting to be blown away by it. The gnocchi was actually amazing with a soft, almost buttery mouthfeel and a really tasty sauce. I also got to try some of the salmon which was perfectly cooked though a bit small.
We split a whole tiramisu which was heavy on the cream but super delicious. I'd definitely come back to try more of their pastries!

Saba D.
Elite 26
Mountain View, CA
17 Brunch reviews
Jun 22, 2023
5 photos
Its a place to have a fancy brunch or dinner with family or friends. Its also partially a cafe. Everything I had here so delicious from an espresso to their brunch. We had the salmon with eggs and the farmers brunch and both were delicious.
We also had a latte and cappuccino, and let me tell you that their taste is just like what you will taste if you go to Italy.
The dessert was wonderful and we had two desserts that we split to try both but have one was so fulling and satisfying.
The seating is nice and spacious you can also see the kitchen when they cook the pasta and pizza, very cool. The service staff were friendly and fast as well.

See all photos from Saba D. for Bottega Louie

Jaeda S.
Long Beach, CA
3 Brunch reviews
Aug 24, 2025
Bottega Louis is one of my frequently visited places on a weekly basis.I always go there with for a weekend brunch as both of us have plenty of time to spend outside on weekends.We love their food,ambience,and vibe.A wonderful restaurent to visit anytime for any type of appetite!

Lily T.
Elite 26
Los Angeles, CA
30 Brunch reviews
Mar 15, 2023
Last time I came (probably over 4 years ago) for dinner, but I'll have to say that I liked the brunch food here much better. We ordered a couple drinks to share (gotta toast for the birthday brunch), and family-styled a few dishes. The lobster hash was delicious ... we dug in so fast that I didn't get to let the camera eat that one first. We also really enjoyed the souffle pancake, soft and fluffy just like you'd imagine. And of course, the portobello fries - just wow. The only thing that missed the mark was the beignets, they really tasted more like a malasada or donut. The check came out to about $200 for a party of 4, as expected with a place like this in DTLA - we were happy to splurge a little for a special occassion. We couldn't leave without grabbing a box of their infamous macaroons (espresso & earl grey are probably my favorites!)

P.S. There's a structure across the street for the most convenient parking, don't think they validate though.

Nick C.
Palos Verdes Peninsula, CA
251
Jul 5, 2025
Amazing pastries here (really... -wow!) AND the pizzas they make and serve here are *outstanding* all the way down to the last bite of crust (also wow!!). You pay for what you get here. Yummy!

Nick A.
Elite 26
All-Star
Los Angeles, CA
104 Brunch reviews
Feb 11, 2023
10 photos
Can't believe I didn't already know about this place!

This is probably the best coffee date place you can find in downtown LA....maybe in all of LA even!

First of all. It's a really nice place. Polished stone floors, very nice natural light, and plenty of little tables where you can sit and have a nice chat.

I was there on a weekday at 11:00 AM. There was lots of seating. Around noon, the place was packed, so if you're just going there for coffee and some baked goods, I'd recommend avoiding the lunch hours.

Since the floors are hard, it gets pretty noisy as more people arrive, but that's OK because they can't ear hustle you while you're talking to your friend!

There's also a restaurant and it had a very large lunch crowd. I hear the food is excellent. Maybe I'll try it sometime.

Oh, I just ordered tea and my friend had a latte'. It was about $15 with a tip.

I didn't try any of the baked goods but they looked delicious.

Nice staff. Very professional. Definitely bookmark this place if you haven't been there.

See all photos from Nick A. for Bottega Louie

Gretchen K.
Elite 26
Kissimmee, FL
47 Brunch reviews
Feb 20, 2023
2 photos
This location has been on a shared bucket list with a good friend of mine, as it is the flagship store and many celebrities have been seen dining here. (Prior to the pandemic, my friend recalled a fan or photographer catching BLACKPINK's Jennie and Red Velvet's Irene enjoying a meal here and playfully fighting over the bill.)

After a fun morning at Melrose Trading Post, my friend and I, plus my dad, came here for brunch. My friend arrived before we did and put our name in. (The wait was 5 minutes max before we were seated.) Please note if you come before 3 PM on the weekends, the brunch menu is served through to 3 PM and they cannot accommodate their regular menu. (They have some of their staples like a few pasta dishes and pizzas, but you won't find the full offering on the brunch menu.)

There are two choices for parking - either you can do valet for the restaurant which is a flat fee of $30 or you can find a lot or garage near the restaurant and park and walk. Both my friend and I did the latter and found a structure across the street that charged $7 flat fee for the day. The walk to the restaurant was very short - go up to one of the crosswalks and cross, then go up to the restaurant on the corner.

Staff were polite and very on top of service - they would notice empty plates or when you were finished with something and would clear it for space on your table.

My friend ordered the carbonara, I ordered a pizza, and my dad got an eggs Benedict. We shared the beignets at the table.

The beignets were dusted in sugar and came with a tart raspberry sauce to dip/drizzle on top. The flavors balanced out nicely and kept the beignet from skewing too sweet or heavy.

Food came out a couple of minutes after we finished the beignets. They make the pizzas fresh in one of the hot ovens and we were sitting near one of the areas where they were making them. (It was fun watching our food from start to finish.)

Their sauce is good and they were generous with the toppings. The crust has a good crunch but I will admit with the sauce and thin crust that it could have the potential to become soggy at times if you didn't eat it right away.

My friend enjoyed her carbonara and my dad liked the Benedict.

I will admit this location is very different aesthetically from the one in West Hollywood. This one has more of an upscale, classic architecture with visible kitchen spaces and often it becomes quite noisy in there with everyone talking at once. Tables are put together a bit closer than the West Hollywood one so I would say this one feels more close in terms of how they packed parties in and maybe at times a little crowded. In contrast, West Hollywood was more relaxed but still had a balance of elegance and contemporary elements in the space. (Also it can be a bit of a tourist destination for people who hear about the restaurant or saw their favorite celebrities dine here once.)

I noticed the flagship didn't have as many flavors of their macarons out as they did at West Hollywood. It seems like this one was focusing more on the cakes and pastries.

Prices are mid to high - I would say this is a fun experience to do once in a while, but unless you have the means to do it more often, it can be a little pricey.

Pepperoni Pizza

Earl Grey tea and Beignets

Pete S.
Glendale, CA
36115
May 21, 2025
I have been coming to Bottega Louie for years and it never disappoints. Great options for appetizers, pizzas and pastas. The desserts are delicious as well. The service is always good. Probably one of the best places to dine at in DTLA!

Jennifer H.
Elite 26
Irvine, CA
118 Brunch reviews
Feb 22, 2023
1 photo
4.5/5 stars

Came here on a Wednesday morning around 9am (weird time I know!). Inside ambiance was beautiful and bright. There was no wait so we were seated quickly. Ordered the salmon benedict ($30) and the Croque Madame ($20) to split with a friend. The salmon benedict was cooked nicely, and I enjoyed the hash brown that replaced the English muffin (a nice crunchy twist to an eggs benedict!). The Croque Madame was also tasty and was a large portion size. Both dishes came with a salad. Service was slow towards the end as it took a while to get the check and they stopped refilling our waters.

I got the raspberry, strawberry, and mango macaroons to go for my bf (3 macaroons were $10). I tried a few bites of the mango one and it was so good! Perfect texture, and a good amount of filling inside.

This place is on the pricey side (plus there was a 5% surcharge), but quality of the food was great.

Angela L.
Torrance, CA
38 Brunch reviews
Jun 30, 2024
10 photos
This place is overrated!
Sausage puzza lackrd flavor and the crust is too chewy like stale bread

Bread was cold and hard, butter isnt even whipped

Carbonara was good

Souffle pancake was delicious

Desserts was just ok, presentation very attractive but flavor was nothing special

See all photos from Angela L. for Bottega Louie

Jinny P.
Elite 26
Monterey Park, CA
7 Dessert reviews
Apr 27, 2024
1 photo
Every table orders portobello fries, you can never go wrong with it. The pasta was average and nothing surprise. Only complaint is the dtla parking, wish they have their own parking lot.

Sonya E.
Elite 26
San Jose, CA
78 Brunch reviews
Jan 31, 2023
10 photos
Don't mind the photos of our pepperoni pizza with burnt ends -- I asked for the pizza to come out well done because I enjoy my crust on the crispier side.

Anyway, stopped in for a late night bite after a night out. We ordered some pizza and had a couple of cocktails. The menu offers salads, pastas, pizza, sandwiches, burgers, ribeye, and much more -- something for everyone! For a Saturday evening, the dining area was relatively full. No reservations required.

There's a beautiful bar section where many party go-ers were laughing and having a great time. The dessert section was already closed off by the time we arrived so we didn't get our macaroon fix.

This place has remained popular over the years and for good reason. Stop in and experience DTLA dining in its most casual and yet ritzy form.

P.S. the interior is gorgeous.

See all photos from Sonya E. for Bottega Louie

Marleen R.
Elite 26
San Diego, CA
19 Brunch reviews
Mar 9, 2023
9 photos
Do not walk in before they close because all you will get is attitude! Hours are set for a reason and once doors are closed then you can start cleaning and stop greeting and serving customers. Just a tip for good business, even if not all items are available, a good greeting and attitude would make me go back with more time.
Macaroons were really good quality and tasted fresh.
10 minutes before closing time and coffee machine was already being cleaned so we didn't get to taste the coffee. Looked over their menu and they have a big selection of salads and pizza so maybe next time we can grab a table.

See all photos from Marleen R. for Bottega Louie

Valerie G.
Perris, CA
040
Nov 21, 2025
Super good pasta and pizza at an affordable price , i wouldn't say to go dressed up super fancy but it is pretty nice on the inside more of a casual wear the gnocchi pasta is amazing

Ekaterina S.
Los Angeles, CA
076
Jul 27, 2025
1 photo
Not a lot of choice and can't give small spoons to eat dessert, only forks . Would not recommend

Heather I.
Elite 26
San Jose, CA
73 Brunch reviews
May 20, 2023Updated review
1 photo
Fancy sweet treats and very instagram worthy. My boyfriend was very hesitant about following me into Bottega Louie because of how fancy and expensive it looked! The last time I visited Bottega Louie was with a friend, and we had the pizza with the egg on top.

It is on the pricier side, but so worth it! I spent around $80 on pastries to feed our family for breakfast and to bring some treats home. I ate the chocolate croissant. It was HUGE, but flakey, airy and not too sweet. It complimented my latte well.

You pay for everything (coffee and desserts) at the cash register. I probably looked super confused about where to start ordering - coffee or pastries.

Overall, I loved it!

Most of the desserts!

Apr 15, 2023Previous review
Fancy sweet treats and very instagram worthy. My boyfriend was very hesitant about following me into Bottega Louie because of how fancy and expensive it looked! The last time I visited Bottega Louie was with a friend, and we had the pizza with the egg on top.

Overall, I love it!

Jodeye H.
Elite 26
Rancho Santa Margarita, CA
45 Brunch reviews
May 18, 2023
6 photos
You walk in and you are overwhelmed by the dessert counter!!! I could live here and taste everything!! We sat at the bar,
Had some sweets and a bottle of Prosecco, then topped it off with an espresso. We had the pizza the last time, will have it next time. It is so open and bright, the servers are so helpful and awesome!

See all photos from Jodeye H. for Bottega Louie

Ashton W.
University District, Las Vegas, NV
3 Brunch reviews
Nov 18, 2025
Wow! Jennifer was absolutely amazing at serving our every need. She was very attentive while being timely and assisting our every need. A must get is the vodka pizza, it was great! Thank you Jennifer !

Richelle D.
Ontario, CA
10 Italian Food reviews
Dec 16, 2024
Amazing food that is very $$$$
$80 before a tip. for breakfast is tough to do even though the food is delish!

Emi B.
Elite 26
Glendora, CA
9 Brunch reviews
May 12, 2023
The pancake was larger than expected, so it'll fill you up. While the menu says soufflé style pancakes, it is not as soft as a Japanese soufflé pancake. However it still tasted good.
I liked that they didn't skimp out on the alcohol amount on their cocktails.
It gets very crowded on a weekend, so a reservation is a must. It also gets pretty loud inside due to the amount of people.
Waitstaff was very attentive and friendly.

Sandy K.
Monterey Park, CA
3 Brunch reviews
Dec 15, 2024
I have not tried anything I don't like, everything is delicious, due to high ceilings it can be very noisy.
They treat customers very well and the food is worth the money

Annie Y.
Elite 26
Orange County, CA
96 Brunch reviews
Jan 29, 2023
4 photos
They have plenty of indoor seats. They are split into 3 areas: dessert, drinks, and brunch. They don't take reservations, but we arrived a bit early for brunch. I got the Smoked Salmon and Beignets. The Smoked Salmon was so good! It was all on top of a hashbrown instead of a muffin, which made the benedict delicious and crispy with the hashbrown. The Beignets had 4 and were big. It comes with a raspberry sauce on the side. It was really soft and sugary. Everything was delicious! Before you leave, you should also get some macaroons, which were also delicious. They have 13 different flavors. The macaroons were soft once bitten into and delicious in flavor.

Recommendation(s):
- Smoked Salmon
- Beignets
- Macaroons

Service: 5/5

Tip(s):
- They don't take reservations

Helena P.
Los Angeles, CA
9193
May 16, 2024
1 photo
Always an enjoyable, relaxed experience with excellent food and attentive service in a beautiful space. What else is there? Pizzas made by hand for the win every time, but appetizers and entrees are consistent
(although please bring back the pre-pandemic artichoke chicken that I still dream about and try and fail to recreate at home). Its hard to pick one dessert and desserts are pricey here but hey, dessert has 2 S's so order two and share. Worth it.

The hostess was kind enough to take this great picture of my mom. Gladys loves this restaurant because the staff is so nice.

Nina K.
Los Angeles, CA
23192
Jan 17, 2025
1 photo
Delicious macarons that are so light and airy. This place is very crowded and its just buzzing with excited visitors. I really enjoyed seeing their full array of colorful macarons. It's hard to choose because you want to try them all. Really fun, lively, and bright ambience. The wait for the bakery can take a while but it's fun to people watch.

Macarons display

Ms M.
Bakersfield, CA
042
Jul 19, 2025
2 photos
My mom overheard the table next to us raving about the truffle pizza. We started chatting to her and decided we'd get it too. The pizza was exceptional. The crust was so fresh---you can even see it being made from your table. We paired it with the Louie salad, which was so fresh. Perfect pairing. Great service and great meal! Thank you Barbara for the recommendation and happy anniversary!

Truffle pizza

Louie salad

Thuytran L.
Elite 26
Irvine, CA
15 Dessert reviews
Apr 11, 2024
1 photo
Bougie place to come for the macarons. I like the pizzas here as well. I love the selection of desert. Would recommend coming on a day they have their waffles. They are to die for. Parking can be a pain but there is valet available. People are friendly and service can be quick if it is not during peak hours. Overall classy place to have a casual lunch.

Lupe H.
Cypress, CA
5 Dessert reviews
Jul 18, 2025
Very cute place! The decor reminds me of going to a nice lunch with friends. The food was pretty good and the service was too. Would go back with friends or on a cute outing with my sisters!

B B.
Pasadena, CA
070
Jan 15, 2025
Bottega Louie is a great restaurant. It's not quite the same since covid but I still love it's unique charm in downtown LA.

I first ate here years ago when the facilities director gave me a gift card as a thank you for a favor. I have found memories of the food I've had for dinner & breakfast and of course the Macarons!

Carmen B.
Central LA, West Hollywood, CA
010
Nov 15, 2025
One of the best restaurants in downtown! I love their food here! Their pizza is so delicious and their desert and drinks are to die for!! Definitely coming back!

Diana G.
WOODLAND HLS, CA
12010
Nov 5, 2025
They were able to accommodate the food to make it vegan even if it's not on the menu. I had the pizza with no cheese, just red sauce with lots of veggies. I also had a custom pasta and the food was delicious!

Meredith W.
Columbia, SC
3371118
May 9, 2024
7 photos
All i can say, if you're ever in Los Angeles, this place is amazing!!! I've never been to Paris, France, but it definitely puts you in the mind frame, but it's actually an Italian restaurant/pastry!!! Everything is so delicious and it's made to order... the pastries are made fresh every morning...
Oui Oui!!!

See all photos from Meredith W. for Bottega Louie

Alex D.
Los Angeles, CA
011
Jul 13, 2025
1 photo
Me and my family ordered some of the best food we have had in a while. I asked for medium rare steak and it was cooked to perfection ! Service was excellent , I felt like royalty to say the least. Overall I had a splendid afternoon lunch that I won't forget at bottega louie.

Kimberlie C.
Elite 26
New York, NY
20 Brunch reviews
Feb 16, 2023
4 photos
A lil splurge at Bottega Louie. Service (check) carbs (check) flavor (check). We had to try the burrata pizza, a crowd favorite; and, it was definitely good. The bitter notes from the charred broccolini balanced the prosciutto! The caccio e pepe was al dente, but you probably would want to opt for a different pasta if you're going to drop the $. The brussels sprouts is a must-order. Walnuts and bleu cheese-- ask for a side of balsamic to balance it all out! We received complimentary macarons to end the night!

Pictured: Burrata Pizza, Caccio e Pepe, Brussels Sprouts

Jessica W.
Elite 26
Hacienda Heights, CA
87 Brunch reviews
Dec 16, 2022
9 photos
其實快不快樂，幸不幸福，過得好不好？ 不只是如何尋找的問題，也是順序的問題，順序不一樣，答案不一樣， 人生也就完全不一樣了~

上次跟幾位美女，去吃的那個最雷的早餐之後，我們還有去就在附近很有名的名店吃甜點， Bottega Louie, 吃這家是一定不會有問題的，Covid 前就去過幾次， 我一直很喜歡，東西好吃，價格也不會太貴， 能一直那麼受歡迎， 真的是有道理的，還好後來還有這美美的甜點當句點，才不枉我們一趟跑那麼遠的Downtown 遊～

See all photos from Jessica W. for Bottega Louie

Em P.
Laie, HI
8 Brunch reviews
Apr 24, 2025
Upscale restaurant and breakfast cafe area, caters to both sit down and take away, with a formal and casual dining area. Pricey menu, charming ambiance. We went here for a quick breakfast and sat in the casual cafe up front. I would have like to try much more on the menu but our time and pocketbook wouldn't allow for it. I enjoyed my fruit/chia parfait and chocolate croissant. But just as enjoyable was watching the locals and their many adorable and variety of dogs out for their morning walks and coffee pickups. The cafe is on the corner with large windows and people watching was delightful. Pricey pricey.

Barbi O.
Redondo Beach, CA
26 Brunch reviews
Jan 26, 2025
7 photos
Great service and ambiance was great. I really did feel like I was in a bottega. The breakfast I ordered was not that great tho. It was ok. But I would have ordered something else next time.

See all photos from Barbi O. for Bottega Louie

Claudia V.
Pasadena, CA
8 Brunch reviews
May 18, 2025
The food is delicious. The service is professional and the place is clean.We have been going here for celebrations and days for years and always been treated with kind professionalism.

Belen O.
Ventura, CA
8 Italian Food reviews
Jun 3, 2024
2 photos
Always consistent! I live in Ventura county so I don't eat here as often as I like, BUT when I do it's just as good as when I first started coming here (7-8 years ago?).
Love their pizzas, we had the burrata AND the pepperoni. My personal favorite was the burrata-flavorful and fresh! Pizza dough was outstanding-chewy (not too thick) OR cracker thin and crunchy.
Everything is always SO FRESH here...the ingredients on the pizza, the salad and the bruschetta (another dish I'd order again). If you love bruschetta you must order this one! Tomatoes were flavorful, fresh & seasoned perfectly!
As always, we ordered some macaroons-espresso, salted caramel, lemon*, and ultimate chocolate*.
The drinks were spot on the last two times I've been.
The espresso martini was yummy, creamy and just the right amount of froth. The time before this I had a pear drink which was just as outstanding.

P.s. if you're not from the LA area make sure you plan out the parking situation. It'll save you time and frustration.

Espresso martini

Bad food photo of our Pepperoni Pizza and the one with burrata.

Jae Y.
Irvine, CA
04011
Jan 14, 2024
1 photo
The food, service and ambience were spectacular at this restaurant as my girlfriend and I enjoyed an impromptu brunch on a Saturday morning.

Now, ready for my hot take?

A restaurant should price the food items appropriately so that the only charges in addition to the prices reflected on the menu are taxes and tip. Upon getting our check, we noticed a "5% surcharge", as shown in this uploaded picture.

This is meant to "mitigate inflation". This must then mean that they should not have increased their prices in the past five years or so. Yet, what's up with the $14 fruit tart?

Erika H.
Charlotte, NC
3 Dessert reviews
Jun 19, 2025
1 photo
The establishment is very open with lots of seating. The entrance has a French bakery which is very unique. We didn't have a reservation, but we were seated quickly. The server was quick, and informative. It was our first time eating there so he made suggestions and could answer all questions we had. They serve complementary bread with butter, that's always a plus in my book. We started with meatballs, had vodka pizza, and ended with beignets. Everything was good.

Meatballs

Daniel H.
Los Angeles, CA
0273
Jan 5, 2025
1 photo
Was very yummy. And very flavorful. Also wasn't too thick. The sauce was very saucy. Would come back again for sure.

Angelina G.
Claremont, CA
041
Jul 6, 2025
Foods great , pastries r even better . Very clean . It's in the heart of downtown la . Customer service is decent

Jenny L.
Elite 26
San Leandro, CA
19 Brunch reviews
Apr 12, 2023
4 photos
It is an absolutely beautiful brunch spot if you're looking to go on a date. We didn't make any reservations but were able to get a table for 7 on Sunday. The service and the decors are top notch but the food was a bit disappointing. We got pizza, lobster harsh, carbonara pasta, portobello fries, pizza, salad, fried calamari, club sandwich.... Everything tasted just okay lol it was a bit of a disappointment. Unfortunately, we didn't try any of the desserts but I've heard better things about their desserts.

Their coffee is actually quite delightful. It would be a great place to have coffee and dessert.

Liza P.
Gardena, CA
3 Dessert reviews
Nov 1, 2024
My favorites here include their Spaghetti Bolognese, Mushroom Fries and Raspberry and Chocolate Beignets!!!

Cool downtown restaurant! Always a good get together place with friends and family!

John And Michelle M.
New York, NY
4 Brunch reviews
Jun 17, 2024
4 photos
We were a bit worried that this place would be overhyped, but this was NOT the case at ALL! One of the best brunch spots we've tried EVER.

We tried the smoked salmon benedict, french toast, le pancake, avocado toast, and their freshly squeezed OJ. Though it is pretty expensive for brunch, the quality and taste of the food was totally worth it. Out of everything we tried, the french toast, avocado toast, and OJ is a must-try. Everything is pretty basic, but each dish was so well-executed that you NEED to come here at least once. We came for Saturday brunch but we were able to be seated right away. The restaurant itself is gorgeous and it's a great view/ambiance to take in while dining. The service was amazing as well; our waiter was beyond attentive and friendly which really enhanced our whole experience. Be sure to also grab some pastries on the way out; the worker who was helping us even snuck in an extra earl gray macaron in our box!

Though we visited from NYC, we will be sure to come back whenever we are in the area.

Okra W.
Visalia, CA
20 Brunch reviews
Jun 15, 2025
We were pleased to have discovered this spot, so close to our hotel. (the Biltmore). It is a huge open space, with a large number of tables and bench type seating, all very comfortable. Everything is a bit on the dark side, being white, but it certainly reflects cleanliness and precision.The only downside of the atmosphere (to me) was the height of the ceilings, which produce the typical and (by many) much beloved echoey feeling.

We started with mimosas (because, why not?) and followed up with a very nice salad (I can't remember which one, darn it) and my dish of poached eggs with lobster on a shredded potato base. I can't recall the sauce-- It was slightly bland but seemed to fit well with the overall dish. We had a small serving of bread (epi de ble) and finished with coffee, tea, and a very generous slice of raspberry chocolate torte. Overall, an absolutely wonderful lunch. Do not hesitate to visit this spot.

Kimberly I.
Los Angeles, CA
6 Dessert reviews
Oct 29, 2024
1 photo
I got a parfait from my co-worker for breakfast and it was so delicious! Not to mention the mason jar it came in was so cute and I will definitely be using it for my own parfaits (: I definitely recommend their cakes here! Cakes are super rich in flavor.

Wilson C.
Elite 26
Cupertino, CA
19 Brunch reviews
Sep 26, 2024
This is definitely an LA classic and would recommend to try if you are visiting LA! The bakery goods are pretty good!

Sheri S.
Elite 26
New York, NY
113 Brunch reviews
Dec 1, 2022
3 photos
I was interested in trying Bottega Louie while visiting DTLA. I had a strange experience that worked out after all but definitely but a damper on my experience.

Since breakfast stops at 11 am I ordered ahead of time over the phone and informed them I would be coming to the restaurant. The person I spoke with on the phone said if I decided to stay I could eat my food at the restaurant. However, there was a complete misunderstanding when I arrived. I picked up my food and asked to be seated in the main dining area because I was planning to wait for a friend and enjoy my meal while I waited.

A petite female hostess insisted that I sit in the cafe area up front. But, I said, I would like to sit in the main area because I had a to-go-order. I explained I would like to get a plate for my food because I plan to sit and enjoy my meal and wait for a friend who will be ordering lunch. Eventually, her male colleague appeased me and led me to a seat. I mean, it was a whole ordeal, which made me annoyed about the non-obvious rules they seemed to have in place.

Finally, I got my seat and ate my breakfast sandwich. Once my friend arrived they order the Margharita and a side of fries for us to share.

Sometime standing up for yourself is work but at least I stood my ground and could eventually relax.

Kris J.
Laguna Beach, CA
5 Italian Food reviews
Jul 1, 2025
3 photos
Came for brunch with my family. Food seems high quality and the pastries are gorgeous. The service was quick and friendly...I would definitely come back to try some other items on the menu. The Tartufo Pizza and Portobello fries were AMAZING. No complaints about the ambience but definitely feels like an upscale cafe.

Akshita G.
Downtown, Sacramento, CA
4 Brunch reviews
Dec 29, 2024
1 photo
This is a comfortable bakery cum fine dining italian place. I loved the food and the vibe! Will definitely go again. The ambience was warm and beautiful! Service was great! They customised our pizza according to our dietary restrictions which is something we loved!

Thao T.
Elite 26
Frisco, TX
16 Dessert reviews
Feb 7, 2024
2 photos
Came here for weekday lunch. Nice ambiance and the service was good. However, the quality and flavor of the food did not justify the price. The pasta portion is really small for almost $30.

Tiff E.
Elite 26
San Marino, CA
11 Brunch reviews
Mar 21, 2024
4 Stars depending on what you ordered.

Brunch items are alright 3/5
Pizza was a little better 3.5/5
Dessert was too sweet for me 3/5
Ambience & Decor is 4/5
Service is 4/5 but also depends on what time you go. Weekends can get a little crazy (busy + loud).

Chrystina B.
Elite 26
Los Angeles, CA
31 Brunch reviews
Nov 18, 2022
10 photos
THE BEST DESSERT, THE WORST PARKING, 5% CHARGE ON TOP OF BILL, BEAUTIFUL DECOR!

Oh lord, I have been wanting to try this place for quite sometime, and i am so glad I did!

Customer service: 10/10
For being a more upscale type of place, the people are so nice. To the woman who was seating people, to the bar tenders, and the cooks, Everyone was so kind. I appreciate that more than ever!

Food: 20/10
FRUIT TART--After dinner, (at Wokano) we stopped here to get my dessert (what is date night without a dessert, right?!) and I ordered quickly because the bartender said they were sold out of just about everything. He said he only had one fruit tart left and I took that so fast! Y'all....it was the best fruit tart I've ever had! Think of real Europe cheesecake, meets fresh picked fruit, meets fresh apple pie crust, meets a chef who said I'm going to get it right or else! Man, did he ever. It was not overly sweet, crunchy perfect fruit, and the texture was light and fluffy...just amazing. I cannot wait to go back and get another.

Price: 6/10
I love good food, but dang. I think $16.10 was a bit much for a small dessert. Like, Costco would give me a whole cake (lol)
The price is $14.00 then tax, then a 5% add on fee for workers. I wish restaurants paid their workers fair prices without having to charge us for it. The money they must make here is absolutely insane, so I pray they use it to pay their workers vs upping our fees. But that may be a different conversation for a different day.

All around: 8.5/10
The parking is hell on earth, the prices are a bit high, and the dessert does not miss. . I can cannot lie, I just might be back sooner than I think! If you can get past the traffic, parking, and prices, you'll just love it here too!!! :)

See all photos from Chrystina B. for Bottega Louie

Ashlea H.
Elite 26
Atlanta, GA
22 Brunch reviews
Jan 29, 2023
5 photos
Well color me IMPRESSED!

My friends and I were out late after seeing an orchestral performance and so around 10:30pm we were desperate to find somewhere to eat (that wasn't fast food). This restaurant was suggested to us because apparently it's the most "yelped" location(?)
And so of course our curiosity was Piqued!

Let me tell you... the ambiance was AMAZING!!!

The minute we entered the restaurant there were "ooos" and "wows" exclaimed.

I ordered the Napoli pizza and it was DELICIOUS!! Our waiter was also so kind and offered great suggestions!

I definitely want to return during the day to see this place in the sunlight! There's also a dessert counter that wasn't open that night, so I'd love to come back when it is!

5 stars in my book for such a classy experience so late at night!

See all photos from Ashlea H. for Bottega Louie

Chad G.
Los Angeles, CA
13 Brunch reviews
Apr 20, 2024
10 photos
I love coming here. I always take family and friends here to enjoy the ambiance, the food and the great service.

You can enjoy a sit down meal or you can enjoy by the bar or cafe area and indulge in their delectable desserts of macaroons and cakes.

I always look forward also to their floral arrangements -- nice and elegant.

Bathrooms are always clean and tidy, which is a big plus for me.

See all photos from Chad G. for Bottega Louie

Maria R.
Huntington Park, CA
3 Italian Food reviews
May 3, 2025
Come here for the macaroons only have not tried food staff can be a little bit more friendly when checking out a bit rude but other than that macaroons are good some pastries are ok

Cece C.
Laguna Beach, CA
1681511
Nov 18, 2024
1 photo
We go to Bottega Louie twice a year. All 10 of us love the food though we come to the restaurant to see Carlos who we can't wait to be a waiter!! Drina is our favorite server and it's Carlos and Drina who make the experience 5 star

Anthony G.
Templeton, CA
86322
Apr 17, 2025
This place was once enjoyable, it is now sadly, a tourist trap that serves Inconsistent poor quality food at airport prices. We ordered several items, the club sandwich was a joke, the pastries are inedible, and the could not know how to make a cup of coffee to save their life. The only redeeming trait was the pizza was quite decent. Our server could care less and wanted to be anywhere else in the world. 10 years ago this was the place to be, I should've known better when I walked in and the place was 3/4 empty. Word is out I guess.

Kevin C.
Elite 26
San Gabriel, CA
10 Brunch reviews
Sep 15, 2024
I'm really disappointed to write this review because I use to love Bottega Louie, but after moving out of the area for a few years and coming back for the first time last night I had a bad experience. We came in around 10pm to get drinks at the bar. First thing we noticed was bags of trash behind the bar, like someone was cleaning up but didn't finish taking the trash out. And we noticed it because there was a bad stench of trash.
Secondly, the staff was not welcoming or friendly at all. They were being short and snide with everyone like we just walked in right at closing. It took awhile for the bartender to acknowledge us even though the bar wasn't very crowded. Another patron noticed the state of disarray behind the bar and sensed the bartender's attitude. Thinking they may have been about to close the patron politely asked what time they close and the bartender said they closed at 12 am. Closing wasn't for another 2 hours! Yet the bar was left messy and the bartender was giving haughty attitude to everyone like we were hindering their closing operations.
Also, the drinks were 20 dollars BEFORE tax and tip. On top of that they added on some surcharge that was not a tip or tax, just a surcharge they added on top and they expected you to still tip and pay tax. We wanted to ask about the surcharge but the bartender had disappeared for a really long time after running our credit card so we eventually just signed the check and left.
I had a pear martini which was actually pretty good so I guess that's one good thing, but for that much I expect at least some decent service and a bar that doesn't smell like trash, this isn't a dive bar.
I'm hoping their macarons are still as good as they use to be, but as for the bar at night you're better off elsewhere.

Julie P.
Elite 26
All-Star
Baltimore, MD
26 Brunch reviews
Mar 10, 2023
8 photos
Super cute Pâtisserie and restaurant. Everything was so aesthetically pleasing and I was surprised to see the flower arrangements we saw everywhere including the bathroom was real!

We came for lunch and had the carbonara, Trenne Pasta, tartufo (truffle) pizza, and the sea bass. Everything was delicious. The carbonara was one of the best I've had and the trenne pasta was fried and had a very interesting crisp and chewiness to it. The tartufo pizza was very interesting and is yummy if you're a truffle fan. Otherwise I can see it coming off as having a very strong truffle taste which could be difficult to eat for some. Our pizza actually was forgotten in the kitchen when it was made and so a new pizza was made and came out a little late (maybe 15 mins) and to our surprise it got taken off the check as an apology. The service here is so great and staff was so friendly and helpful.

In the front of the restaurant is the bakery with very beautifully made pastries, cakes, and sweets. We got some to go & they were put in a gorgeous pastry box and bagged for us. I enjoyed the experience and would definitely come again!

See all photos from Julie P. for Bottega Louie

Bianca T.
Elite 26
Los Angeles, CA
18 Brunch reviews
Jan 3, 2023
3 photos
My boyfriend and I decided to give Bottega Louie a try after reading all of the amazing reviews and we were not disappointed. First of all, it's a huge restaurant and is so cute on the inside. I ordered an espresso martini to start - really good. Then we split the Tartufo (truffle) pizza which had mushroom pâté and egg on top as well as truffle, and was amazing. Definitely very rich in flavor though. We also had the portobello fries which were really good - I've never had anything like them before!

Next time we'll have to try some of the baked goods/desserts bc they looked incredible!

Kimberly H.
Elite 26
Inglewood, CA
14 Italian Food reviews
Dec 20, 2023
5 photos
Bottega Louie is a stunner with its aesthetics that scream sophistication! But let's get real--the food didn't quite match up to the Instagram-worthy setting. Sadly, the dishes felt a tad overpriced for what they delivered taste-wise. However, all was not lost! The Pear martini was a delightful sip of refreshment, and those Portobello mushrooms with that creamy sauce? Pure bliss! While the ambience is off the charts, the food might need a bit of a flavor upgrade to match those beautiful surroundings. I did however, like and appreciate the attentiveness of my server who had lots of patience with me as my napkin kept falling lol.

See all photos from Kimberly H. for Bottega Louie

Jenna D.
Elite 26
Carlsbad, CA
30 Dessert reviews
Mar 7, 2024
This review is for the bar. The atmosphere of this whole place is great. Expansive, clean and classy without being stuffy. The bartender is a machine! She was the only one behind the bar and fielding orders from both bar and restaurant. We ordered off menu sidecars, which were in point! Not cheap ($20 drink after tip), but great spot I'd come back to.

Bakery looked great too. Lemon tart was good, not the best.

Jessica M.
Elite 26
Duarte, CA
26 Brunch reviews
Mar 2, 2024
3 photos
The service here is out of this world. Everyone is so polite, attentive, and professional. The food is also quality from the pancake, the pizza, and the lobster hash. It was all delicious and well-made. I also noticed that the poached egg on top of the lobster hash had the yellowest yolk I've ever seen which told me it was made with quality ingredients. This place is pricey, but rightfully so due to the entire experience. I'd love to go back for dinner.

Bryan O.
Torrance, CA
025
Dec 14, 2024
1 photo
I ask this lady politely for my receipt and my pastry order from the kiosk and she just give me attitude like I did not even do anything and I'm very polite and amused by the ambiance of the this place but if you have a employee like her I think you will hurt your reputation.

Goods Pastry!! But bad Service you have to change it.

Jeffrey S.
Elite 26
Midvale, UT
73 Dessert reviews
Oct 29, 2023
Imperative to stop in if you're in DTLA. I came in twice over my weeklong stay. I just bought to-go treats from the case; the first time I got a nutella croissant type thing and the second a handful of macarons.

It would be fun to eat here and despite the fame and name, the prices seemed reasonable (for LA) and I saw all kinds of people there from the casual to a little more dressed up.

You won't be alone, but they hustle people in and out. With over 18K reviews and (I think?) this being the MOST PHOTOGRAPHED business on Yelp, you can peruse the pics and reviews and know exactly what you want beforehand in order to get you on your way quicker. I recommend getting there early for the good baked stuff in the far case, otherwise by evening you just have a few of the more basic dessert case options.

Tresla G.
Elite 26
Beverly Hills, CA
22 Brunch reviews
Dec 3, 2023
Bottega Louie! One of the best pasta and pizza dine in restaurants in LA by far. The food variety is filled with lots of different American cuisine. The desserts are my favorite. The specialty desserts are what usually prompts my visits! But, we always end up staying and dining in.

The service is good. Try to visit on a week day. Weekends can be pretty packed. With longer wait times.

The ambiance is stellar!

Fazil A.
West Hollywood, CA
48 Brunch reviews
Dec 24, 2023Updated review
1 photo
Lovely dinner.

Such a low maintenance experience. Service is great.

The arugula salad was fantastic as was the carbonara. Was VERY impressed by these dishes.

Also the very tall ceilings lends to a feeling of a lot of space.

Dec 8, 2018Previous review
The cool thing about LA is that you can walk into a place like this in your PJs and no one will bat an eyelash because for all they know, you're a billionaire tech guru or a rapper. But let's face it, you are neither of these, nor do you belong wearing PJs to a restaurant like this. But hey, who am I to judge you, especially because I'm not a rapper or a tech guru and I went very underdressed.

The waitstaff is attractive and the host staff are very polite. They have over 200 seats so there are no reservations. Your entire party has to be there and then they will seat you or if there is a wait, put your names on the list.

The cocktail choices are very inventive. I went for the mule and wasn't disappointed.

Our server was a complete angel and despite having numerous tables, was able to keep up with us and we never once felt like we were waiting or that she was a ghost.

The food is spectacular considering I haven't doing GREAT Italian in LA. The bolognese and the pomodoro are solid.

The desert choices are endless. That's the first thing you'll notice because they have a huge display in the front.

Overall I'd definitely go back. If you dont like the food, there's all kinds of rappers and tech billionaires there so you'll definitely enjoy the people watching.

Liezel P.
Elite 26
Santa Clara, CA
15 Brunch reviews
Jan 4, 2024
This is a staple for me and my sister every time we go to LA. We have sat down here for brunch once and it was so good we kept coming back!

Ordering for takeout doesn't take longer either! Street parking can be hard but I've always walked here since I stay nearby.

We always order the Tartufo pizza and the Burrata pizza! Get a side of balsamic vinegar and evoo and it's amazing. The carbonara is also good here :)

I will say the restaurant can feel really classy but some people dress very casual here so don't worry about attire too much! They also have a cafe outside the restaurant

Equana D.
Elite 26
Atlanta, GA
10 Brunch reviews
Feb 24, 2023
3 photos
The most incredible place I almost didn't experience! I was visiting DTLA for an event at Crypto Arena. The weather turned bad and I searched the map to see what local food options were available. Stumbled upon this magical place that would've fit in well on SATC during its heyday.

To start, Customer Service is fantastic. I was literally greeted and ushered in off the street by an employee who witnessed the confusion on face as to where to enter the massive building. Also to be fair, their attire caught my attention and I was entranced with that as well. Once I realized the connection, I immediately loved how committed this place was to creating an experience.

I didn't make a reservation but was able to get immediate seating and by a window no less (insert brownie points).

I loved that food was prepared out in the open. I had a view of the pizza station with the beautiful brick oven and the fire in the back. A very elegant touch that kept me thinking of how great a date spot this place is.

I ordered the best Lasagna I've ever tasted, which took the sting off the price. And followed up with a dessert that would be fit for royalty. If there was ever a time to not let cost get in the way of a fabulous meal, this is that moment.

My only con is that I didn't have someone else along to take pictures of me in this gorgeous place

Michelle K.
Running Springs, CA
8050
May 24, 2025
LOVE this place! Although it can be pretty noisy and you may end up sitting a bit closer to another table than what you'd prefer, the food and the service completely make up for it. Our waiter was extremely polite, patient, had a wonderful smile, and since I did not know what oh about 95% of the menu was, he walked me through in simple terms what each plate was and what it contained. Wish I would have caught his name! This was a treat for me, I cannot afford this kind of luxury often, but when I feel like driving out and feeling fancy, this will definitely be my go-to place!

Susie R.
San Diego, CA
6 Brunch reviews
Jul 29, 2024
1 photo
I'm a huge Bottega Louie fan, ever since I got taken out here in college it's been one of my go-to fancy Italian restaurants in LA. The pastas are yummy (especially the gnocchi), the drinks are fantastic and I love the French-inspired decor. As someone that lived in Paris, I'm attracted to the boulangerie (bakery) setup they have by the entrance. It's super cute. The service is great too, they lead you to your table once you've gotten some drinks at the bar and reservations can be made online.

Girl's night at Bottega Louie

Nathalie B.
Elite 26
Los Angeles, CA
31 Brunch reviews
Sep 5, 2024
Bottega Louie's pastries are amazing! The macarons are perfection, and everything is beautifully made. Great spot for a quick treat or to indulge in delicious desserts!

Pearl H.
City of Industry, CA
6 Brunch reviews
Dec 23, 2024
Everything we ordered was delicious!
Modena Salad - 10/10
Meatballs- 9/10
Pizza - 9/10
Carbonara - 10/10

Philip R.
Placentia, CA
8 Italian Food reviews
Oct 19, 2025
I went to this place because my fiancé said it was good. After my visit, I must agree. The atmosphere was cool, the appetizers (small plates) were awesome, our entrees were delicious, and the drink I had (Pear Martini) was delicious. Our server, Alex, was a really good guy. Very attentive, very personable, and knowledgeable. If you are downtown LA, want some good food. This is one place I would recommend. I heard they have really good pizza as well. I was impressed by my entree, I ordered a pizza to go. It is also delicious

Jennie K.
Elite 26
West Covina, CA
39 Brunch reviews
Feb 17, 2024
10 photos
Always top-notch service, good, clean fresh food, and such a beautiful layout. All of the pastries and desserts look so delicious you'll be tempted to buy one of each. Street parking will always be hard to find in DTLA and will be mattered and typically limited to 2 hours. There is a parking lot for $7 across the street from the entrance or valet park for $20 available right at the front entrance. Reservations are recommended on their website and updated menus can be viewed there as well.

See all photos from Jennie K. for Bottega Louie

Alejandra O.
Los Angeles, CA
032
Dec 8, 2024
1 photo
Friendly service, great serving size and taste! I just wished they would spread their guests more across the spacious seating area rather than sit everyone with such close proximity.

Jannet L.
Elite 26
Honolulu, HI
75 Brunch reviews
Nov 5, 2023
I really enjoyed my brunch here. It was super close to our hotel and looked so bright and lovely though it's surroundings were dtla. Maybe I am getting soft from living in paradise though. Anyhow we walk into this huge bright airy space with a bakery in the front. The macarons and cakes were gorgeous colors, almost like jewels in a case.

They do take reservations which my cousin had wisely made in advance. The noise level was high bc of the space so it was a little hard to hear conversation. The bathrooms were really clean and nice and they have the fancy thick paper towels to dry your hands!

The food was really nice - my fave was the portobello fries. I guess I didn't know what to expect but these were gigantic sticks covered in a thin crunchy batter as big as a zucchini stick! The sauce they give you is some kind of aioli which was a perfect accompaniment. Also got the arugula fennel salad which was refreshing and not overdressed. The burrata pizza also yummy and I'm still enjoying the leftovers. The broccoli rabe is seasoned with a little red pepper.

The best dessert was the napoleon - the cream is delicious and not overly sweet and the pastry is flaky and crunchy. The chocolate eclair was fine. More beautiful and delicious. How do they get the glaze so shiny and smooth?

Our server Kerry was super friendly, competent, attentive. Overall a great experience. 5% kitchen fee or whatever people are calling it lately so don't be surprised. It's not part of the gratuity.

Justine R.
Elite 26
Los Angeles, CA
42 Brunch reviews
Nov 26, 2023
6 photos
I LOVE Bottega Louie, I cannot get enough of the macarons and the sweet treats here. The staff is so friendly and accommodating. The pastries are absolutely delicious and so visually pleasing. Coffee is really good! I have only ever eaten outside at the small tables and never in the restaurant area, but I always enjoy the cafe ambiance and the views of WeHo when sitting outside! Bottega Louie sweets never disappoint. Highly recommend for an afternoon or after-dinner treat.

Y O.
San Fernando Valley, CA
0116
Jun 6, 2025
1 photo
The best service, delicious food, variety of ducks, the pastry was fresh, good prices

Kathy C.
Torrance, CA
26100
May 1, 2025
The food is delicious. The ambiance is fun and lively. The service is excellent. Valet parking is available and convenient.

Stephen D.
Elite 26
Houston, TX
26 Brunch reviews
Feb 11, 2023
5 photos
Stopped by here due having a pizza craving plus if you know Bottega Louise, it's classy. The beautiful patisserie display on the right greets you once you enter then the ostentatious decor of this high ceiling restaurant is revealed. Wow!

I spoke to the chef and he recommended the Calebrese, a server did the same as well as the pizzero. I had no choice and so ordered it, am I happy I listened to them, YES, thank you! You want this pizza, trust me . I washed the pizza down with two Oaxacans and had some great conversations with fellow bar patrons. Emmanuel the bartender is hospitality embodied in a person. He remembers your order all while making the rest of the restaurants drinks, two bartenders held down the Friday early rush. What a great they are, you felt the personable treatment throughout the experience as well.

Highly recommended to visit and have a meal.

See all photos from Stephen D. for Bottega Louie

Jessica O.
Elite 26
New Bern, NC
10 Brunch reviews
Feb 9, 2024
Every time I'm in LA, I stop by here for breakfast pastries and coffee and treats to take home to the family. This place is full-on glam. The pastry case is breathtaking but it wouldn't matter if it didn't taste good. But everything I've had has been great, hence the frequent visits.

I've also dined once for dinner in the restaurant. Also really good and great service. Treat yourself and stop by BL!

Carly J.
Irvine, CA
57851
Dec 16, 2024
1 photo
Wow!! Best pizza and service ever. You have to request server Drina she is amazing!! So attentive/ sweet. You have to get the Vodka pizza it's out of this world!

Gohar K.
Elite 26
All-Star
North Hollywood, CA
206 Brunch reviews
Jan 13, 2024Updated review
10 photos2 check-ins
Love coming here. Today we stopped by to have some dessert and coffee. Delicious tarts, cakes, pastries and macaroons. We enjoyed our sweets with a cup of Cappuccino. Very busy place specially on the weekends. It's a beautiful restaurant specially when all the desserts are displayed. Makes it hard to chose from.

See all photos from Gohar K. for Bottega Louie

Mar 27, 2019Previous review
One of my favorite restaurants in DTLA. The restaurant is classy, beautiful and spacious. I love the high ceilings and the open kitchen. They also have a pizza station in the back where you can see the pizza being made and baked in the huge oven.
When you walk in you see the beautiful display of macaroons and desserts. Variety of gift items on the wall shelves. All the desserts are picture perfect creations. They taste heavenly and are surprisingly priced reasonably. So many flavors of macaroons to chose from and the beautiful boxes they come in. Great for gifts or just to spoil yourself.
The dining area gets very busy and loud. But the delicious food they serve makes up for that. The Margherita pizza is a must for me when I'm here. So delicious and flavorful. The Caesar salad is another must have. All the dishes I tried so far have been delicious.
The service is always good, starting from the host to the busboy, they make you feel welcomed and special. Very polite and friendly staff.
Overall a great place to eat and celebrate special occasions.

Ayodeji O.
Westside / Home Park, Atlanta, GA
1811
Jun 1, 2024
1 photo
Ordered the Belgian waffles and a side of eggs and bacon.
The waffles were amazing, had the right amount of sweetness, flavor and the texture was perfect. The bacon was made perfectly crisp. Highly recommend!

Belgian waffles

Britney M.
Elite 26
All-Star
Fullerton, CA
181 Brunch reviews
Oct 3, 2022
5 photos
Came here today for the first time. I have had this place bookmarked for awhile. I don't go to Los Angeles all that much, so since I was in-town, we decided to stop by.

Arrived around 5pm or so. There weren't too many people there. The wait was 10 minutes, not bad.

We were seated in the far back corner, which was perfect. It was away from the windows so the sunlight wouldn't blind us. Or me anyway. I'm a total vampire.

Service was good. Our waitress was nice. She came and checked on us often.

Our food, it was good. But I think I expected more for how popular this place is. The pizza was alright. Pasta about the same as the pizza. I probably wouldn't go out of my way to come here again. It was nice to try once. The decor was cute and the restaurant was a pretty decent size. There were booths and tables available. We got a booth which I was happy about.

It did start to get crowded later around 8pm. But we were leaving by that time.

Overall, very good.

See all photos from Britney M. for Bottega Louie

William Ng
East Los Angeles, CA
3 Italian Food reviews
Apr 26, 2025
Beautiful. Brought my girl her and she thought it was straight out of a movie. Very pink. Great place for bunch. Not sure if they serve dinner. The high ceilings really make it feel like a special place.

Chris B.
Elite 26
Montrose, La Crescenta-Montrose, CA
9 Dessert reviews
Feb 1, 2024
6 photos
Bottega Louie has to be one of the best brunch spots downtown. Clean bright bustling space serving delicious layered flavors. The lobster hash 10/10 French toast with fresh berries fantastic. Eggs benedict was light and you have to try the beignet with raspberry purée. Don't forget to hit the pastry counter on your way out for some of the best the city has to offer. Our server Sylviavain was delightful and so welcoming. It can get loud inside but it's all part of vibe.

See all photos from Chris B. for Bottega Louie

Shantelle S.
Elite 26
All-Star
Venice, Los Angeles, CA
50 Brunch reviews
Oct 4, 2022
8 photos
Sweet Tooth: On Saturday after dinner & dessert in DTLA, my friends took me to one of my favorite places, Bottega Louie, for more dessert to go! Yum! Bottega Louie is a beautiful & elegant restaurant, even has a museum-like pristine vibe. Love the lighting as well. The bakery section reminds me of a glossy boutique!

Awe-Inspiring: The love, creativity & dedication that goes into making each & every colorful & edible creation of Bottega Louie's dessert rocks my entire world & shines in every single bite! It often takes a while to decide on which sweet treat to select, because everything is so beautiful, often shiny & even styled with gorgeous flowers!

Play It Again, Sam: While I have tried & enjoyed each dessert I've tried, my favorite continues to be the Raspberry-filled Grand Macaron, full-on yum! Since it was no longer available, as we arrived late night, I selected a slice of the shiny red Raspberry Chocolate Cake, which was yummy as well.

Food Memories/Larger Le Grand Macaron: Please bring back! It's the size of a cake! It was love at first sight & bite when one of my friends gifted me Le Grand Raspberry Macaron during the Christmas holidays in 2015. Family had flown in & friends had arrived for a feast & to play the White Elephant game!

Hide & Seek: The moment I took a forkful of the oversized Raspberry Le Grand Macaron, with the raspberries & fluffy crème inside, I knew at once that I had to hide it (And I did!), because it would be gone in 60 seconds! Haha! It's been love ever since...until I no longer saw it on the menu...

Overall: The dessert is a must!! I love the Margherita Pizza & Portobello Fries as well & it's always fun selecting one of the colorful macarons, as the flavors are plentiful! Love the entire experience with every visit to Bottega Louie! Still dreaming of the return of the Larger Raspberry Le Grand Macaron...!

See all photos from Shantelle S. for Bottega Louie

Tommy O.
Temple City, CA
5 Dessert reviews
Apr 9, 2025
First of all, must try the Italian sodas, they are one of my favorite drinks of all time! The service here is great, within 10 min. you will start receiving your appetizer's in which case you must try the portobello fries! The Ambiance is reminiscent of a beautiful trip to Italy!

Rachel I.
Elite 26
Castaic, CA
110 Brunch reviews
Nov 25, 2022
10 photos
I have been here many years ago and that was just too grab some macaroons! This time I got to actually sit down and try their food. The whole experience was just as wonderful as the interior of the restaurant.

Great service
Quality food
Fresh ingredients
Valet parking or street parking
Reasonable prices

A great place for any event from a nice date night for two or meeting up with old friends.

See all photos from Rachel I. for Bottega Louie

Kaelene M.
Elite 26
West Los Angeles, Los Angeles, CA
19 Brunch reviews
Oct 4, 2022Updated review
2 photos
tldr; The pastries are great but the food here is subpar.

I've only been here one other time to try their pastries so I thought I should give the actual restaurant a shot. I started off with an almond croissant ($5) and it was amazing! The crossaint itself was huge and had such a tasty filling. The complimentary bread and butter were okay. I thought the bread was a bit stiff to eat and the butter wasn't easy to spread. A lot of the menu items were pretty pricey so I decided to stick with the Sausage Pizza ($30). The pizza was a big portion and it was good, but it wasn't worth the price.

The restaurant itself had a nice ambiance but it was also very noisy. The staff was attentive and kind as well.

Overall, skip the restaurant but the pastries are a must try!

Almond Crossaint

Sausage Pizza

Jun 23, 2022Previous review
Walked past this place and thought it was super cute! I've never heard of Bottega Louie but I'm so glad I came to visit.

I was mainly here for the desserts and pastries. I got the Coffee Caramel and the Tiramisu Cake. The flavors were amazing and the presentation was over the top.

The interior of the restaurant was gorgeous. It felt very classy because of the high ceilings and the floor to ceiling windows. It was also very open and wide.

The prices for the pastries are worth it for what you get. I'm so excited to come back and try their other pastries and their brunch menu. I wish I had known about this place sooner!

Nancy B.
Elite 26
Santa Monica, CA
82 Brunch reviews
Jan 22, 2024
3 photos
I've lived in LA my whole life and never had this place until now. We came for lunch and made reservations prior since we know this place gets beyond crowded. It's huge inside with plenty of seating but every table was taken when we got there during the week! Our server was nice and quick. I ordered the avocado toast and the bruschetta since I wasn't too hungry. Big mistake because both are huge portions. But they were both really good. I unfortunately am not a huge sweets fan so I didn't try any of their desserts. But the coffee was great from the coffee bar.

SiRah V.
Santa Monica, CA
5 Brunch reviews
May 6, 2025
The waiter was wonderful and very attentive to our seven person table. He could not have done more. food was average but the hostess was awful.
When you enter a space and don't feel welcome I wanted to turn around and walk out. I suggest the manager of the restaurant find another pretty girl who makes you feel happy to be there.

Hannah L.
Elite 26
Dallas, TX
13 Brunch reviews
Dec 27, 2022
5 photos
This is one of the many times I've visited this restaurant. Typically, I come here to get macaroons when visiting Cali.

Ambiance: This restaurant is massive! There is a louder talking level and very soft music playing. There is so much going on in the restaurant: full bar, restaurant, coffee bar, and a dessert area. The environment is very lively and aesthetic to the eye.

Service: I ordered my desserts at the register and the workers are not that knowledgeable about the desserts they are selling. I tried asking for suggestions and they could not explain to me the desserts they suggested.

Seating: There is plenty of seating since the place is so big! There is bar seating, table/chairs near the dessert area, and a whole restaurant area.

Celebration: This dessert looked really cute so I had to give it a try. I liked the mini vanilla macaroon that came on top of it. The dessert itself was a light vanilla pudding. with white cake and a strawberry filling. It tasted pretty good and I like how the strawberry complements the vanilla flavor.

Chocolate Raspberry: This dessert did not taste good at all! It was a really rich dark chocolate flavor with a almost sour raspberry flavor inside. I could not eat more than one bite as the dark chocolate was too overpowering.

Overall, the pastries and cakes are mediocre and overhyped. I'd say the variety of macaroons and cute packaging is the best part of coming here!

See all photos from Hannah L. for Bottega Louie

Nada S.
Memphis, TN
16 Brunch reviews
Feb 8, 2025
If you're visiting Los Angeles specially downtown this is a must go to a restaurant. The food is absolutely delicious. The servers are absolutely nice and kind and usually if you are not going at peak hours, your food will get pretty fast. You must try their desserts their absolutely out of the world. The place is uniquely designed yet simple enough not to be busy for anybody. It's a unique place that serves unique plates in a beautiful area in Los Angeles.

Jeff M.
San Diego, CA
1271190
Feb 25, 2025
Overall I'm a fan of Bottega Louie. We really enjoyed our brunch there and our server was top notch. Some of the food was a bit slow coming out of the kitchen and some stuff on the menu is reasonably priced while other other items, like the pizza, seem a bit expensive. (although the pizza does look pretty delicious) And the atmosphere is nice like an upscale French cafe.

Annette M.
Elite 26
All-Star
Moorpark, CA
59 Brunch reviews
Oct 12, 2022Updated review
10 photos
One of my favorite downtown restaurants.
Great for large crowds
Has some intimate pockets
Great bar area
Food is fresh and hot when served
Wait staff is wonderful
Parking structure available across the street
Fabulous desserts in front of the restaurant
Great dessert menu
Pizzas are delicious
It's a must go!

See all photos from Annette M. for Bottega Louie

May 13, 2018Previous review
While in downtown, it's a must stop!
I've been here countless of times.
Breakfast, lunch and dinner and their food has always been delicious.
Large space
Loud ambiance
Great for big parties
Kid friendly
Large bar area with open seating
Valet parking
Great wait staff
Always busy
May have a slight wait time, but worth it!

Prasiddha H.
Elite 26
San Jose, CA
126 Brunch reviews
Oct 25, 2022
3 photos
I dragged my boyfriend who actually very happily and willingly came here and we are so glad we did! This place has been on my list for a while when visiting LA, and we were so happy to try it. This is located in downtown so parking is definitely an issue but once you do, you are in the hub of lots of yummy restaurants. Once we got to bottega which was a Friday morning, we were able to quickly get seated and ended up ordering:

*portobello fries - these were thick juicy and crispy and went well with the sauce it came with. Portion is good to share with a group of people

*burrata pizza - this pizza was really fresh and the burrata was really fresh and delicious - the flavors went well and adding crushed red pepper and honey really did the trick

*macaroons - got a bunch of these and really liked the mango passionfruit flavor!

Overall it was nice giving this place a shot!

Lizzie R.
Elite 26
Los Angeles, CA
36 Brunch reviews
Jan 12, 2023
1 photo
I will start off by saying that I had been a big fan of theirs until the following happened.

Keep reading to see how it turned out!

I had pre-ordered a cake online as well as a goodie for my boyfriend's birthday. I figured I would splurge a little as we previously enjoyed their cakes by the slice.

I decided I would order their guava yuzu cake - The Bella!!!!

I figured rather than gamble my time to see if it was available or sold out, I would order online which was placed 2 days before the actual pick up day aka birthday date.

I hadn't had any problems with cakes or anything as friends and I have ordered ahead of time.

I arrived early in the morning and was super excited to have my order fulfilled. I, then, decided to stay for brunch as well. The box was never moved as I was careful to carry and place the box down as needed.

We proceeded to order the following:
Spinach & Goat Cheese Omelette - it was decent. Very filling and it paired nicely with the side salad it comes with.
Carbonara - The bucatini was a small miss. It was a bit too al dente. The flavors were pretty spot on.
Croque Madame - good choice! Very filling to say the least.

We didn't order any desserts as I had ordered a cake - which he wasn't privy to.

Once we got home and I unpacked, I was shocked by the fact that my cake was far from perfect... It was poorly packed or it was shaken prior to packing for pick up. I was beyond mortified! Sadly, there were no available Patisserie managers available for the weekend... Really?!?!?!?!?!?!

I wrote an email and sent in a picture right away in hopes of having someone contact me. :/

I called in and was told that I wouldn't receive a response until Monday. All I wanted was to have a perfect cake for my boyfriend's birthday! I mean let's be honest, BL cakes are not cheap!

When I called, it was even suggested that the cake moved because of poor movement on my end. I'll have you know, I made sure to not move the box at all... However, I should have checked the cake prior to leaving BL!

Fortunately for me, my sister in law helped me with the cake, so we still consumed it after we had to modify the cake in order to restore it.

Needless to say, once Monday came, I was offered a refund due to the mishap from Saturday. It was super nice of them to go above and beyond.

I do wish their Raspberry Chocolate was available in a bigger size rather than just by the slice! It would be a game changer!

The (imperfect) Bella

Daniel M.
Elite 26
Downey, CA
24 Brunch reviews
Jan 9, 2024Updated review
1 photo
Absolutely delicious place to eat food. Their pizza is to die for. The crust can be eaten on its own. Also Haley our server was bomb. Recommended a truffle pizza that was absolutely amazing. Honestly this place is a great place to go to to impress a loved one. Yes it's crowded. Yes it's a bit loud but the food is top notch! Ask for Haley you won't be disappointed. Oh and manage to she needs a raise!

Truffle pizza. Yummy.

Jan 1, 2023Previous review
Absolutely delicious place to eat food. Their pizza is to die for. The crust can be eaten on its own. Also Haley our server was bomb. Recommended a truffle pizza that was absolutely amazing. Honestly this place is a great place to go to to impress a loved one. Yes it's crowded. Yes it's a bit loud but the food is top notch! Ask for Haley you won't be disappointed. Oh and manage to she needs a raise!

Aug 18, 2019Previous review
What a wonderful improvement. Great service great food great atmosphere. I now can say after 3 times here that I can recommend this place completely.

The hostess Cheyenne was amazing. Quickly got us a seat for six people and had a huge smile and wonderful way of initially greeting us.

We were then handed off to our server Alissa who was simply amazing. She took our order with a smile and even gave us recommendations. She even made sure we got two candles on two different desserts for the two birthdays we were celebrating!

I insisted on speaking to the manager Megan about the amazing service. She also greeted us with a smile and I can see entirely why we got such great service. Happy management produces happy workers.

These three workers need to be recognized for their hard work and dedication to this restaurant. It's safe to say that if I got this kind of great service so has hundreds of thousands of other patrons of this restaurant. I'll be back for sure.

Came here on anTuesday evening and there was plenty of seating. The place is pretty though it reminds me of a warehouse with a high ceiling and echo throughout.

My wife and I had a pasta dish (bolognese) and something else that I can't remember. We also had some fries made of mushrooms that were limp and oily. They had a good taste but I couldn't help but think it was like the fries I make at home where I leave them too long in not so hot oil and they become soggy. J had a Tokyo Mule drink that was nice and strong and my wife had a champagne. With 2 pastas, 2 drinks, 1 appetizer our bill was 101 dollars. A bit pricey but at least I can say we went.

We didn't try any dessert but the macaroons looked yummy. They also have gift boxes with wine and some goodies for about 150 each.

All in all it was just ok. Nothing that knocked my socks

Aug 8, 2018Previous review
Came here on anTuesday evening and there was plenty of seating. The place is pretty though it reminds me of a warehouse with a high ceiling and echo throughout.

My wife and I had a pasta dish (bolognese) and something else that I can't remember. We also had some fries made of mushrooms that were limp and oily. They had a good taste but I couldn't help but think it was like the fries I make at home where I leave them too long in not so hot oil and they become soggy. I had a Tokyo Mule drink that was nice and strong and my wife had a champagne. With 2 pastas, 2 drinks, 1 appetizer our bill was 101 dollars. A bit pricey but at least I can say we went.

All in all it was just ok. Nothing that knocked my socks off.

Diana M.
Elite 26
Diamond Bar, CA
25 Brunch reviews
Jan 7, 2024
3 photos
Bottega Louie is such a great place! I absolutely love their pastries. I ordered the almond croissant and the filled chocolate donut. I will say this place is on the pricey side so keep that in mind. The service was good and they were friendly. Bottega Louie in Los Angeles is known for its vibrant and elegant ambiance. The restaurant features a spacious, beautifully designed interior with high ceilings, white marble, and gold accents. The atmosphere is lively and upscale, making it a popular spot for both casual and special occasions.

BarWench T.
Los Angeles, CA
3 Brunch reviews
Apr 28, 2025
Best macarons! Young man behind the counter was very hopeful and made great suggestions. I ordered tiramisu and was in heaven. So good and definitely a nice way to treat yourself, because you pay for all that extreme deliciousness!

Danika D.
Elite 26
Huntington Beach, CA
5 Dessert reviews
Jan 2, 2024
Bottega Louie is tried and true. I've been coming here for almost 10 years! I love this location because of it's high ceilings, exposed kitchen, marble and gold accents, all of it is well thought out! It can get pretty loud, but somehow you're still able to hear your table without yelling. Service is typically good and I've never had to wait long to be seated, although I always make a reservation (so there aren't any surprises)! If tables are taken, you can always sit at the bar area!

I've gotten to explore the menu quite a bit and everything is always hit! Although, I will admit - I'm pretty sure this is the exact menu they had when I first started coming here, so not much diversity in that sense, but still worth every penny!

My personal favs! Which may seem like the whole menu...

Salads:
- Caesar
- Modena
- Louie

Pizza:
- Margherita
- Sausage
- Calbreza

Pasta:
- Cacio E Pepe
- Trenne
- Bolognese
- Lasagna

a La Carte:
- Meatballs Marinara
- Portobellow Fries
- Calamari Fritti

Entrees:
- Ribeye
- Salmon
- Short rib
- Branzino

Andre Eric M.
Marina Del Rey, Los Angeles, CA
3 Brunch reviews
Mar 10, 2025
Thanksgiving, Christmas, and New Years! A Family Fav, a Local Delight, Never Disappoints!

Seya M.
Northridge, San Fernando Valley, CA
4 Brunch reviews
Oct 27, 2024Updated review
3 photos
Great food together with great service it's always a pleasure to visit this restaurant and I will definitely visit again and again and again

Sep 2, 2024Previous review
I had an amazingexperience at Bottega Louie . Delicious pasta delicious stream delicious pizza, delicious wine, delicious dessert, and all that with amazing service.
I spent over 2 1/2 hours in this restaurant and couldn't stop tasting/eating and drinking . One of the best restaurants that I have been to in a long time. Most definitely will go there again and again and again.

Claudia C.
Walnut, CA
04313
Mar 24, 2025
I was so glad to see this restaurant survived the pandemic protest and vandalism. This spot reminds me all the happy dinners we had with our friends pre kids. Now, we mostly go for brunch. I had always had great service, awesome food and even when they are busy or at their peak hours, I've never had a bad experience. Keep up the good work and delicious meals/pastries.

cynthia a.
Elite 26
Covina, CA
8 Pizza reviews
Dec 28, 2023Updated review
8 photos
Bottega Louie is a must if you're in or visiting DTLA. Whether it's for dinner, drinks, brunch or dessert, anything you have is going to be delicious. Not to mention the fun and cozy ambiance and great service. I'm always so happy when I'm there and I always look forward to my next visit. My recommendations are: Pear martini, Trene Pasta and beignets with raspberry sauce.

See all photos from cynthia a. for Bottega Louie

Apr 6, 2018Previous review
Wish I could go to Bottega Louie every weekend! I went recently for my birthday. There was 4 in my group, we got there for an early dinner at 3:30 on a Saturday. Although it was busy we were able to be seated right away. The food was very yummy! You need to try the avocado toast! Wow! I'll go back just for that! My friend and I shared a pizza while my sister and friend had pasta plates. All were good. My sisters plate took an usually long time to come to our table so the manager apologized and took it off our bill . (Btw some good looking servers and workers there) I didn't care too much for the drinks I had, but that's not stopping me from returning. We didn't get to try any desserts this time because we were in a rush, but it all looked delicious!

Christine J.
Elite 26
New York, NY
23 Dessert reviews
Dec 28, 2023Updated review
You can't go wrong here. Delicious Italian food in a spacious marble restaurant with high ceilings.. I remember having their pizza, pasta, truffle fries and maybe a souffle of some sort a few years back. All great!

But most recently I went in for their cake counter at the entrance. I got the celebration eclair in a box to go. The presentation was so adorable, it was a treat to eat it later. So the next day I got one for my friend. Something small that can really brighten someone's day.

Dec 20, 2023Previous review
You can't go wrong at BL. Delicious Italian food in a spacious marble restaurant with high ceilings.. I remember having their pizza, pasta, truffle fries and maybe a soufflé of some sort a few years back. But most recently I went in for their pastry/cake counter at the entrance. I got the celebration eclair in a box to go. The presentation was so adorable, it was a treat to dig in later. So the next day I got one for my friend. Something small that can really brighten someone's day.

Michael S.
Huntington Beach, CA
52511
Jan 17, 2025
The food was delicious, the atmosphere was amazing and the desserts were out of this world

Timothy J.
Elite 26
Gardena, CA
21 Brunch reviews
Sep 29, 2022
3 photos
Bottega Louie is truly a one stop does it all kind of location.

First - the location and ambiance is simply flat out impressive. Rather Sunday brunch or a late night dessert late in the evening there's something for everyone. The staff are amazing, delightful and knowledgeable about the menu.

But how did it taste?

Bread - unless you're starving allow it to be an accessory on your table. It's not delicious, it's cold and it's not worth the work.

Beignet's - the macaroons are life but at the end of the day their beignets are donuts. Not Café du Ma and not even close to the Grand Luxe Cafe. What I will say is that it was warm, I enjoyed the pink dusted sugar detail and the raspberry purée was amazing.

Lobster Hash - this dish is nearly a 4 star review by itself. Hash brown potatoes (fluffy not crunch) surrounded by a pool of lobster bisque under a scrambled eggs (normally poached) topped with arugula with a hefty lobster tail cascading down the side. Every bite was better than before. The only issue was that the bisque was room temp.

Sammy B.
Elite 26
Whittier, CA
22 Dessert reviews
Sep 16, 2023
10 photos
Bottega Louie feels like how it feels to walk into a Hermes or Louis Vuitton: bougie. The air is filled with energy matched with this atmosphere of excitement for the food and undeniable amounts of photos ready to be taken. The interior design is clean white with elements of gold and wood to accent such pristine decor. If they were hanging clothes next to each table and fashionable bags on the walls you would think you were dining in a Hermes or Louis Vuitton. Large windows bring in extra light along with the gaze of both the envious and curious walking by. The interior could be placed in any modern home spread or fashion magazine and it would make sense it made it there.

The service is on point. Once you get seated the waiters will come by to ask for your drinks along with giving insight to the specials and favorites of the restaurant. If you haven't done research yet you can always look around as both the Hollywood elite and the common man will have faces of excitement when the food arrives. Bottega Louie is also known for their brunches so even better if you arrived at such hours.

You cannot gain notoriety in the food world, much less Los Angeles, unless your food makes a statement and that's what Bottega Louie does: consistently delicious food done simply but with an air of classiness. But what does that actually mean? Let's dissect some food to figure that out.

Let's look at an appetizer that feels familiar but spins it in a different direction. At Bottega Louie they've created a masterpiece of food utilizing the umami flavors of a mushroom along with the familiarity of fries. The Portobello fries are large cut slices of portobello mushrooms in the shape of giant wedges. They are fried golden and topped with parsley and parmesan cheese. They come with an aioli to dip with and these things are phenomenal. Though fried the mushrooms aren't dripping in oil. Though a mushroom these won't be soggy to the bite. With the sharpness of the cheese, the creaminess of the aioli, and the earthy, almost meaty flavor of the mushroom this appetizer is highly elevated in all regards.

How about something sweet? Bottega Louie knows all about sweets but incorporates balance. The French Toast here is a must try. Using a pain de mie bread (common type of white or brown bread used in France with a soft, thin crust) these thick cut slices contain so many different flavors all telling a cohesive story. You have a slight savory flavor from the egg base, a citrus component from the fresh berries and compote, richness from the buttered sliced almonds, and the blast of sweetness from maple syrup to drizzle on the side. All different notes creating a symphony to this breakfast aria.

What of savory dishes? So many to choose from. You can have their Croque Madame, which for those who never have had one before, is like an elevated ham sandwich with a poached/over easy egg on top and béchamel sauce. The Calamari Fritti are lightly fried bouncy pieces of circular squid, a delight for both flavors and mouth feels for those who enjoy texture. And of course, the pizzas. They are phenomenal. All pizzas are cooked over an open fire in a wooden oven and you get that nice smokey flavor along with the char at the edges. They have a variety of different types ranging from the classics such as the Margherita pizza to something with more kick like the Calabrese pizza which has Calabrese salami, fennel confit, pickled Fresno chiles, fresh mozzarella, Pecorino Romano, and Malibu honey. At times they will also have speciality pizzas, for example I had one with their homemade sausage, shaved truffles, and over easy egg. It was so indulgent. Pro-tip: if you do get the pizzas let them rest when they arrive for at least five minutes. Otherwise, you'll have scorching hot breath from these fiery pizzas.

Lastly, you cannot forget the patisserie at the front of the restaurant. No reservations needed to check these well crafted pastries. Not only will each one be a visual delight but the flavors match swimmingly. They are most known for their array of different macrons and when you see them in person you'll understand why. When you buy them they have well designed boxes to wrap them in, making them a fantastic gift to someone or yourself. Rave over their glossy finishes for their cakes and the bountiful layers in their croissants.

Bottega Louie is an experience all in itself. Elevated dining is an understatement to this experience. Wrapped with the luxury of its atmosphere to the different levels of flavors it's no surprise why people from all backgrounds enjoy this restaurant. If you want to as well, make sure you bring your appetite, your camera, and a fat wallet.

See all photos from Sammy B. for Bottega Louie

Gregg L.
Elite 26
Los Angeles, CA
66 Brunch reviews
Sep 19, 2022
2 photos
I've lived in LA for over a decade and have heard positive things about Bottega Louie but never had the chance eat here until recently. Walked away pleasantly surprised!

Came in around 8:30 on a Friday without a reservation but was able to easily get a table for two. It's a huge and beautiful space with tall ceilings, chic furniture and an enticing bakery areas as soon as you walk in. This place is really nice on the eyes.

The menu is relatively simple, yet elevated Italian fare. Prices average from $20-$40 for most items and the food was elevated enough to feel like the prices were reasonably justified.

Calamari - not the best I've ever had but very well executed, classic preparation.

Truffle Arancini - could have used a little more truffle flavor but these were delicious. Definitely worth a try if you like traditional arancini and want a little twist.

Bianco Pizza - really good. Crust is crispy and airy. Toppings were on point. A little salty but all the more delicious for it.

Drinks - can't remember the names but both cocktails we tried were solid and balanced.

Overall had a really nice experience here. Wasn't the best meal I've ever had but everything was good enough for a 5 star review. Waitstaff was super attentive and friendly. Worth a try!

Fried Calamari

arancini

Camille C.
Wahiawa, HI
4 Italian Food reviews
Oct 4, 2024
7 photos
Gorgeous restaurant! It had the cutest bakery inside with many colorful choices of macaroons and other pastries. It was a 6 min drive from where we were staying. Originally wanted to go for dinner, but ended up there for brunch and it did NOT disappoint! I had the eggs benedict and hubby got the lobster hash. Wow... the lobster hash was out of this world! Pair that with a strong mimosa and it's a perfect start to the day!! Our server was very attentive and sweet. After eating we stopped by the bakery to get some sweets for later and they even had cute packaged cookies and chocolates that I was able to bring home as gifts. Love this place! We'll definitely be back next time we're in town!

See all photos from Camille C. for Bottega Louie

Mariselle M.
Elite 26
Los Angeles, CA
24 Brunch reviews
Dec 14, 2023
3 photos
We got fancy for lunch. A friend and I hit up one of my fave places at the heart of DTLA with my go-to's that never miss--pepperoni pizza and arugula salad. The pepperoni cups carry so much flavor and overall it just has the right ratios of crust to pizza, cheese to toppings, and balance of crispy to pliably foldable dough.And ofc you need to finish the with a decadent patisserie with that signature BL presentation. Service was attentive and hospitable although when the lunch rush hits it kind of lags but it's a capacity issue not a server issue. Be patient and be sure to tip generously y'all! Finally, who would I be if I didn't leave with a fresh-from-the-oven takeout pizza and some pristinely packaged patisseries to take home to my partner bc the only thing that beats dine-in is enjoying it from your home.

Heather H.
Elite 26
Denver, CO
20 Brunch reviews
Aug 13, 2023
4 photos
This is my 1st time and I'm estatic I finally came down here for dessert. The location in downtown is ideal with easy parking for such a pretty place. This restaurant is definitely high class and stunning. Fresh flowers at each entrance and around the dessert shop.
They have such an amazing choice of all desserts. Fruit tarts, chocolate Noir, Raspberry cakes galore!!! Packaged fresh marshmallows and even pretty boxes to go. The lady that actually takes your dessert order and boxes them up was just friendly and knowledgeable in the perfection zone. Nicely spaced not touching each other and not tipped or ruined in any way, shape or form and that means a lot to me.
The chocolate noir is absolutely to die for. The raspberry chocolate just melts in your mouth. Words can not actually describe these desserts. The description and pics do not give justice of what they really taste like.
I just love it here and can easily put this restaurant in my top 5 places when I come to LA. I will definitely be coming back to try lunch or dinner.

See all photos from Heather H. for Bottega Louie

Sharon T.
Diamond Bar, CA
12 Dessert reviews
Sep 16, 2024
So with about 19K reviews at the time of this review, it's probably unnecessary to say what's already been said. We had Sunday Brunch here last week, and some interesting highlights were the lobster hash, smoked salmon eggs Benedict, Croque Madam, and "le pancake". Y'all-- food reminded me of the breakfasts I had in Paris cafes! Light as air pancakes, perfectly cooked poached eggs, super creamy but light bechamel sauce over the croque madam... just well done.

Our server was wanting. I had to ask for things-not attentive enough.

Place used to be an old stately bank. The vibe is cool and reminds me so much of the East Coast. It pretty much breaks the sound barrier. You will be yelling at your tablemates when conversing. Not ideal.

Leung T.
Elite 26
San Francisco, CA
110 Brunch reviews
Dec 11, 2023
1 photo
Upscale expensive coffee/cake shop in the front. Restaurant in the back. Nice setting but a bit pricey for me.

Kelly J.
San Francisco, CA
0133
Apr 16, 2025
Always an amazing meal here. Even if I go elsewhere for lunch or dinner I'll go to Botega Louie for dessert. And lunch or dinner here is also excellent!!

Arun N.
Elite 26
Overland Park, KS
7 Brunch reviews
Dec 9, 2023
1 photo
Delicious pastries and cakes. Come early as they sell out and lines will get super long.

Raspberry chocolate cake

Curtis K.
San Leandro, CA
3 Brunch reviews
Aug 31, 2025
Came here for brunch with the family during a long weekend getaway and found this restaurant with delicious food and yummy macarons. Being that my kids loved macarons, we decided to give it a try. Turned out the only thing better than the food was the service. The staff is great and we want to give a special thanks to Yahaira (our host) @ Bottega Louie for the wonderful experience. We got seated a little later than expected and she felt bad and even checked with her manager to ensure we were taken care of during our time at the restaurant. She is wonderful and we're so thankful and appreciative of her, her manager, and the entire staff. Thank you so much for the attentiveness and checking up on us. We'll definitely be back and really wanted to give her and the restaurant a big thumbs-up! Thank you!!!

S B.
Porter Ranch, CA
06548
May 4, 2025
Love the ambiance, apps were good, service at the table was good. Entrees were both pretty bland including the $50 pizza. The egg on the pizza was underdone, had a decent chunk that was still raw. Oh and we didn't get bread but I saw other tables got some. It's not on the menu so I assume it's supposed to just come complimentary.

The desserts were delicious however insanely overpriced. Ok it's L.A., I get it, but the service at that counter was absolutely terrible. I watched the dude try to fit the last macaron in the box and kept trying different ones because none of them would fit, meanwhile he's moving insanely slow and chatting with his coworker, pausing his work multiple times. By the 6th or 7th one I finally told him I would just take the last truffle in my hand. Not his fault they don't fit but it's like he was moving in slow motion. Then he proceeded to tie the ribbon on the box also in slow motion. I figured he was high and he was wearing a belt with weed leaves on it so seems like I might've been right. (Also surprised they allowed him to wear that belt at work. I'm not against getting high but there's a time and place.)

Kat A.
Elite 26
Los Angeles, CA
9 Pizza reviews
Oct 17, 2023
4 photos
The only dish that was ok were the meatballs. Everything else I would not recommend. The ambience is pretty, but the food is bland. The chicken was so dry. The beignets weren't even beignets. They were big donuts. The raspberry sauce was not fresh. Wouldn't return. Food is so overpriced. Bill came out to $250. $25 for the worst stale donuts of my life

Cesar And Desiree A.
Fontana, CA
7 Dessert reviews
Nov 3, 2024
6 photos
Sure they have a $50 truffle pizza that is worth every penny. But to sit in a very nice establishment in the middle of Bustling LA, with the food thoughtfully prepared and presented [not to mention always above par] - priceless! The restaurant is a gem that manages to shine, despite the busy surroundings; it completely deserves the volume of reviews which support that.

See all photos from Cesar And Desiree A. for Bottega Louie

Karin Z.
Encino, Los Angeles, CA
5 Brunch reviews
Apr 14, 2025
Such a super cute spot! My family and I always make a stop here after visiting the jewelry mart--it's become a little tradition. The vibe is fun and inviting, perfect for a quick bite and a nice break in the day. The food is always fresh and delicious, and while it's on the pricier side, the quality and atmosphere make it totally worth it. Service is great. Definitely a favorite!

Joey W.
Elite 26
San Mateo, CA
116 Brunch reviews
Sep 5, 2022
1 photo
Almond Croissant ($5) - super crispy but not as flakey as I had opened. The croissant was on the denser side and the almond filling was very heavy. I would recommend splitting it with another person.

Lemon Macaron ($2.75) - loved how you can taste the lemon! The macaron wasn't as chewy as I had hoped but still good.

Overall, it's a good bakery but I expected a little more with its recognition and its price point.

Almond Croissant & Lemon Macaron

Karla A.
Central LA, Los Angeles, CA
4 Brunch reviews
Apr 13, 2025
I absolutely love the pastries here and have been coming since I was around 9/10 years old (currently 24). However we've always been treated poorly by cashiers at the bakery. It's so disheartening when you love a place for their food but their customer service is awful. I went to pick up a cake for my sister in law and was met with a bad attitude. The guy there tossed my cake in the box and didn't speak a SINGLE word to me. We're paying $61 for a cake and tart you'd think they'd have higher expectations for their customer service. I think this is my last time coming there, this interaction did it for me. :/

Mary R.
Elite 26
Bakersfield, CA
5 Italian Food reviews
Dec 5, 2023
2 photos
This is hands down the best pizza I have ever tried! Okay... maybe not so, but certainly highly memorable... the tuna tartare was decadent with edible flowers-- adorable! The drinks were strong and delicious, but I highly recommend the pear martini. The service is good and the workers are attentive. I will be returning to the cutest restaurant in downtown LA for the vibes alone. Immaculate!

Napoli Pizza

Espresso martini, mojito with rum

Arthur T.
Elite 26
All-Star
Santa Clara, CA
91 Brunch reviews
Jul 25, 2022
Bottega Louie (I believe) is the highest rated yelped restaurant in LA, so I definitely needed to try them out!

Reading other reviews, it seems like Bottega Louie is packed during peak hours. We ended up stopping by after visitng the Broad museum, so I believe we ate close to 3PM. The restaurant was about 25% full, and we were sat immediately.

Parking is the biggest pain here. Luckily I went back to "feed" the meter, since when I tried to add another 1.5 hours, it wouldn't let me, since it capped during rush hour. I made many loops and wasn't able to find street parking. Opted to park at the parking garage closest to Bottega Louie, and spent maybe $8-10 for an hour-ish.

You definitely get the boujee feel right when you walk in. Everything feels clean and pristine. We ended up ordering the Arugula salad and Calabrese pizza. We were also served complimentary bread.

All in all, food was great. For the price tag and the parking issues, had to ding a star. Not sure if value was there, but still a great spot for good food!

Follow the adventure @shoyuthebest on IG!

Kat B.
Elite 26
Alhambra, CA
8 Dessert reviews
Aug 27, 2022
10 photos
I was in the area So I knew I had to go here and try their infamous macaroons! They were so delicious I wish I got more and just freeze it when I'm ready to eat! I enjoyed the macaroons and love macaroons and they literally were gone like in an hour! Lol

You fill out the form to order macaroons as to the flavor and quantity and then pay and they call u when its ready!

They come in a cute little box which costs a little more but its so pretty who wouldn't want to open it and be surprised that theres macaroons! So basically, it'll make the perfect gift to brighten up someones day just cuz, or bdays etc.

They also serve food here! Ill come back to try their food and ofc pick up some macaroons to go! They have so many pastries, and desserts, and cakes and they looked tasty!

See all photos from Kat B. for Bottega Louie

Coco B.
Elite 26
Sherman Oaks, Los Angeles, CA
8 Brunch reviews
Dec 1, 2023Updated review
I felt like I was back in Paris. Oh the elegance! The ambiant noise of people talking, instead of music, made me truly yearn for Café Angelina on the Rue de Rivoli.

Also, the lunch was delicious; served on beautiful classic white plates with white silverware, of course.

The boutique pastry and dessert counter as you walk in, is eye candy! Marie Antoinette would have swooned!

Do order the crunching fresh macaroons. Then, life your pinkie and eat it like a queen.

Oct 14, 2023Previous review
I felt like I was back in Paris. Oh the elegance! The ambiant noise of people talking, instead of music, made me truly yearn for Café Angelina on the Rue de Rivoli.

Also, the lunch was superb; served on beautiful classic white plates with white silverware, of course.

Monica K.
Long Beach, CA
15 Dessert reviews
Jan 27, 2025
Love the pizza here and the Ceasar salad is so delicious. I really love the shaved Parmesan cheese and buttery croutons. Our server was very attentive and made our dine in experience a nice one. On the way out we grabbed some macarons and loved the strawberry flavored one! I didn't really like the beignet.

Nelson L.
Elite 26
Irvine, CA
44 Brunch reviews
Jul 24, 2024
Located right in the heart of downtown. Food was good but a bit overpriced for my liking. Service was good. Macaroons from the dessert area were exquisite. Very nice interior.

Ron R.
Elite 26
Edgewater, NJ
15 Dessert reviews
Sep 21, 2023
Welcome to Hollywood. Or West Hollywood anyway. We were here for dinner and a special evening to celebrate. We were here a few days before to pick up a pretzel and some pastries. These were excellent. Now we are here for dinner.

And that was some dinner. We sat at the table and met the lovely assistant to help us through the evening. She was very helpful and friendly. We decided to start with our cocktails. A good choice at a fair price was offered. The wine was a good selection to enjoy from both Napa and over in France or Italy and more. This was brought to us along with fresh bread to try as we prepared to order. The bread was ideal. Nice and firm, but soft inside. It was very fresh. An ideal offer as we waited. We even could order two rounds of the bread which was perfect.

We made our order and then waited. The empty location then slowly filled up with more and more guests for the evening. They were all attractive and truly part of the scene. They fit the place. Knew what to eat. And how to enjoy where they were.

Our orders started with salads. These were very fresh and enjoyable. I could have made a meal from the salad by itself. It was plentiful and tasty. The arrangement was ideal. It was the "look" that made it attractive to have.

Next arrived our meals. It was a variety we selected. From a beef rid to chicken parmesan to salmon to pasta. All were different and plentiful as well.

My pasta was nice and different. Having spent several weeks in Rome in May I knew what I expected. This was nice. A bit al dente but a good sauce and fresh pasta to have. The chicken parm was a bit dry. The sauce was good. There was no side such as pasta or vegetable. It was strictly the chicken. The rib was good and tender served on mashed potatoes. The salmon was medium and had its few sides.

Deseret is a selection of pastry and macaroons. It was also very fresh and enjoyable after a graceful meal.

You are not rushed when you are here. Dinner took a few hours to enjoy as you talked and could watch the crowd there. The prices are what you expect. A dinner for 6 does cost money. So expect that to happen. This is more high-end. The service is the best.The team is excellent and proper. They do everything for you before you even expect it. They are there to help and very nice. Our comments to the managers and the team.

Bottega Louie is a wonderful place to visit. You can give it a try. It is in a wonderful area of West Hollywood. It has the right crowd. It has good food. It is a great team. And for an experience it is a place to go. As the old saying goes: "bring your pocketbook". You will need it.

Rachel W.
Los Angeles, CA
5 Italian Food reviews
Sep 3, 2023
4 photos
Absolutely stunning! One of those places where I recommend taking friends out of town. They have a pastry and other desserts section inside with beautifully made snacks. The floor tiling and tall wooden doors and ceilings are gorgeous. Their drinks are made prettily as well.

Only thing is portion sizes. As a petite person who gets full easily, I was still hungry after eating my omelette.

Our waiter's recommended parking place was the library parking structure. Normally $12 for full day. $6 on Sundays. Other lots were $20.

$22 omelette
$18 mimosa

My final total was $53.30

Anahit S.
Union City, CA
5 Dessert reviews
Sep 22, 2024
2 photos
The place had great service. The waiter was awesome even though they forgot my second Espresso Martini, consider that forgiven. I hope to visit back and try the macaroons. Get the soufflé here it will be life changing.

Renee L.
Alhambra, CA
8 Italian Food reviews
Sep 8, 2023Updated review
OVERALL EXPERIENCE: I've been here several times pre-COVID, and recently dined in post-COVID. IMO, the food was never spectacular, but I love the macaroons! Pizza is also good!

AMBIANCE: Casual, noise level can be loud.

DRESS CODE: Casual

ORDERED: trenne pasta, pepperoni pizza, caesar salad, la passion cocktail, and crème brûlée. LOVE the earl grey macaroons!

SERVICE: Service was good, and they were very friendly!

PRICE: ~ $50 pp

PARKING: they have valet, but there's always street parking (free after 8pm). they also have paid lots (one directly across the street).

Food: 3.5/5 stars
Service: 4/5 stars
Venue: 4/5

Sep 5, 2023Previous review
OVERALL EXPERIENCE: I've been here several times pre-COVID, and recently dined in post-COVID. IMO, the food was never spectacular, but I love the macaroons! Pizza is also good!

SERVICE: Service was good!

PRICE: ~ $50pp

Collette K.
Los Angeles, CA
19 Dessert reviews
Aug 10, 2024
4 photos
Such a cute little bakery in the middle of downtown LA. Has a sit down area and a walk thru counter. I've never had macaroons that have perfectly melted in my mouth before!!

Angelique B.
Mira Mesa, San Diego, CA
011
Oct 7, 2024
1 photo
Nice ambiance and quick service. Happy the restaurant isn't as dark and more well-lit than a few years ago haha

Loved the gnocchi!

Barri M.
Fullerton, CA
04011
Mar 19, 2025
The food as always is great. It is very loud inside, but the ambience is good.

The mandatory service charge (that they insist is not a tip) comes across as sneaky and underhanded. It is off putting enough to drop the rating a star (or two).

Coco G.
Elite 26
All-Star
Pomona, CA
58 Brunch reviews
Nov 19, 2022
8 photos
Overall a fun lively experience! We came for dinner before a concert at the Wiltern . A dooan greeted us and opened the door for us. They don't take reservations but we got seated immediately at 6:20 p.m. We ordered the margarita pizza and a Caesar salad to share and both arrived at our table within 20 min! Meanwhile we were entertained by the chefs at the pizza oven, tossing the dough.

The ceilings are 2 stories high so it's very echoey in the restaurant making it hard to have conversation. But the design of the place is lovely including the bathrooms.

We were offered chocolate soufflé for dessert but decided on trying the macarons instead. Raspberry, espresso, and strawberry were increasingly flavorful and delicious in that order. I can understand why people stop by just for dessert!

See all photos from Coco G. for Bottega Louie

Ron S.
Los Angeles, CA
17 Brunch reviews
Jan 28, 2025
Bottega Louie isn't what is once was... it feels like they've had a big change in the kitchen or at the top because the food has lost its luster and the pastries have gone down in quality. The service is cool but the ambiance has dropped. It's like Willy Wonka has pasted away and let a lesser known chocolate brand take over. What once was a 10/10 has fallen to a 6/10. Sorry just my opinion from a day one person.

Amy T.
Elite 26
Sacramento, CA
16 Brunch reviews
Sep 12, 2023
2 photos
I loved this place for brunch. I went here with a party of three during Sunday brunch around 11 am, we were seated nearly immediately. The environment is so clean and elegant, the staff members are very kind and professional. I love how you can look into the kitchen while you are seated and watch them make your food. I ordered the smoked salmon eggs Benedict and oh my goodness it was so delicious! It didn't look like a large quantity of food, however I was very full after eating this dish. We also ordered the fried calamari, but we all felt it was on the salty side. Our waiter was kind, but the service was a bit slow, possibly do the brunch rush hour. The prices seemed standard for DTLA. The restaurant has a patisserie in the front section with some open seating.

Smoked salmon eggs Benedict

Calamari

Megana V.
Elite 26
New York, NY
52 Brunch reviews
Nov 16, 2022
9 photos
After seeing all the hype about their macarons I had to give them a try! We also decided to check out the brunch here. Here's what we got:

- margherita pizza: good pizza, then and crispy but also chewy crust!
- Le pancake: super fluffy and not eggy tasting even though it was a soufflé pancake. It is large and can be shared with 3-4 people. It is quite sweet as well but enjoyed the strawberries and fresh cream!
- truffle fries: basically large chunks of bartered portabella mushrooms, the batter and mushroom don't really congeal well together but the taste was good, esp with the aioli!

The macarons were great! The shell was crispy but chewy. We let it sit out for a while so the cream was too soft but that was on us. Flavors were pretty good!

Overall, I'm glad I gave this place a try. Everything was good, but a bit pricey. Probably wouldn't come here often just bc nothing was super unique but the quality of everything was good!

See all photos from Megana V. for Bottega Louie

Rachel T.
Elite 26
Walnut, CA
36 Brunch reviews
Nov 16, 2022
3 photos
After completing an escape room in the area we decided to come here for some late lunch. When we arrived around 2PM on a Saturday, we asked for a table of 3 and we're sat almost immediately. The tables are quiet small and we were not large individuals. They have appetizer bread which was shared on the tables. The server was alright.

We ordered the portobello fries, the bingets, and the pancake. We all shared the 3 items. The bingets were fluffy and the raspberry sauce was a perfect balance. The pancake was fluffy and the whipped cream was for sure freshly and homemade whipped. The mushroom fries however were not that great. It's basically a whole slice of portobello mushroom with batter. The batter was not that great for us. It had a thicker and more tough outer layer which seemed kinda stale. The pesto dipping sauce however was tasty.

The restaurant itself was quite loud, which music and tons of customers talking over each other. At one point, a male customer was yelling across the room. So if you're looking for quiet and intimate, maybe not this place.

Icarlos2018
Los Angeles, CA
010
Oct 11, 2025
Good food, poor service from the front desk. She was very rude but the waiters were kind. Ambiance was warm, a little loud though.

Philip L.
Elite 26
Washington, DC
47 Brunch reviews
Oct 25, 2022
8 photos
I remember long ago when I was researching where to go in LA that this place had an astronomical amount of reviews and wanted to try this place out. I completely forgot about this place until I walked by it. I saw the designs and sweets and was instantly drawn to this place. The desserts look beautiful. I came in and it is a large place and clean too. I can see how this place ended up with high reviews as it is quite a place to have a seat and enjoy a nice brunch or date night - or morning after.

I only ordered cakes when I was here and I splurged and bought 3 cakes. It was a bit pricey for how much I got from it, but delicious.

I asked the staff which one they would recommend, and I ended up buying them. I was happy with about 2/3 cakes. One of them was quite plain, but the pistachio and the montebello dacqoise was delicious. I would recommend them.

See all photos from Philip L. for Bottega Louie

D'Landria F.
Elite 26
Dallas, TX
18 Brunch reviews
Nov 12, 2023
1 photo
This place was recommended by a friend. I was in town for a conference so my coworkers made a reservation for a group of us to check it out. The dessert counter is a pleasant surprise at the entrance. The place is pretty loud but the decor is pretty cute. There is a great wine list! I decided on wine and the truffle pizza which has a $50 price tag. The pizza is enough to share for sure. The egg yoke was broken at the table and drizzled over the entire pizza. The pizza was amazing! The mushroom pâté was next level good. The wine was the perfect pairing. I ate half of it and saved the rest for the next morning.

Mushroom Pizza

Marisa R.
Boonton, NJ
080
Mar 16, 2025
I'll start with the food was great! Best fried calamari probably ever, beautiful presentation on the pastas. Negatives were the noise level is super loud. We thought we had the nicest waiter. I ordered a Merlot, when he said they don't have it I switched to a glass of Pinot noir. 1 glass. The bill came and he charged me $32 for 1 GLASS OF WINE! When I complained he said "well it was a 9oz pour, I thought you looked at the wine list" and walked away. $32 for 9oz? I didn't order the whole bottle and did not even have the wine list in my hands when discussing the wine options with him. Super unacceptable that I was not told the price of 1 glass of wine. The specialty martinis were not even that much. Definitely disappointing and will never go back again or recommend. Service is everything and last night went from a nice experience to sucking very quickly!

Jones P.
Nolensville, TN
01745
Apr 1, 2024
2 photos
Location wasn't planning a trip here but word of mouth had us heading here.
Great vibe and food
We're definitely going back

Bakery items

Jenna L.
Elite 26
Anaheim, CA
25 Brunch reviews
Oct 19, 2022
1 photo
Cute vibes place for brunch/coffee + takeaway gift for macarons. Touristy, so I wouldn't go unless had friends in town that wanted to visit this place

Busy on weekends so plan ahead!

Le Grand Macaron

Andrea C.
Los Angeles, CA
8 Dessert reviews
Aug 29, 2024
AMAZING pastries! You get to choose macarons by each flavor. The earl grey was the best infused one. Many slices of cake you can select and best custard donut. The service was friendly and willing to pack it nicely for you.

After buying, feel free to sit still their open seating area.

Jeff S.
San Francisco, CA
4 Brunch reviews
Apr 17, 2025
I came with a friend for lunch, we both have the roasted chicken. This is a great restaurant. The only downside is it's way too loud inside otherwise great food, great service, great location.

Jim L.
Stevenson Ranch, CA
26 Brunch reviews
Sep 2, 2023Updated review
1 photo
Thank you for the great food, service and ambiance. Though the host person was a bit cold (a warm smile and hello is better than "have you been helped."), the rest were warm and inviting. This includes the valet and pizza maker (my daughter loved watching him toss).

The server was so friendly and accommodating, at well at the staff being attentive. We over ordered food to just keep enjoying it all.

Feb 5, 2010Previous review
5 reasons for 5 stars

1) food. amazing pizza and i loved the pasta...

2) no corkage fee. really? really.

3) staff. aside from the rude hostess, who i think was over her head and wouldn't give us a heads up on how long the wait was (10min), our server was the BOMB! He knew every dish and had a passion for his job. that's what i'm talking about!!!

4) cleanliness and decor. felt like i was in the lobby of a 5 star hotel

5) for the ambiance, atmosphere and quality of food, i've spent more at some hole in the walls.

If you have a chance to go here, get there at 4;45pm and you'll have no problem with seating and on Sundays, parking is free and plenty!

Oscar Daniel R.
Elite 26
Anaheim, CA
28 Italian Food reviews
Oct 12, 2023
2 photos
Drove all the way here for a cake and left very satisfied. Definitely recommend the pumpkin pie cheesecake! It was delicious and light. My favorite was the cookie crust. The service was lovely and informative like always, thank you!

Seasonal*** Pumpkin Pie Cheesecake

Mason S.
Downtown, Los Angeles, CA
070
Apr 15, 2025
I really enjoyed my visit! The pasta was cooked perfectly, and the sauce was rich and flavorful. The atmosphere was buzzing, but not too loud. I'd definitely recommend it for a nice Italian meal.

Karen T.
Elite 26
Seattle, WA
23 Brunch reviews
Jul 8, 2022
3 photos
Great spot for tasty food, good service, lovely atmosphere-- they get all the points!

I came here for father's day lunch with my parents. We were quickly seated without a reservation. Didn't have to wait long for the server to come by with menus and our drinks. The food was served pretty quick as well-- and also delicious!

Everything we ordered was amazing.. And the dish that stood out the most was the portabella mushroom fries-- omg you must try it! Crunchy on the outside with mushroom goodness and creamy dipping sauce.

It's hard to find a place with both good service and food these days--- will be back!!

Sabrina L.
Elite 26
San Jose, CA
10 Italian Food reviews
Oct 28, 2023
5 photos
On the way to hotel, I could not move my feet due to the temping desserts I saw through the windows. You will understand what I say if you browse through the pictures. I walked in and found out this place is combination of 3 -- dessert, bar and Italian restaurant. And I got seated right away (around 5pm) and the whole restaurant got packed around 6:30ish. Ordered old fashion( really delicate cocktail here, strong and pure whisky with taste buds awaken lemon ) it was just right.
Also got the pizza, fresh made with luxury portion of grind garlic. If you are not garlic type of person, be alert.
Of course, you cannot walk out of the restaurant without ordering dessert, mine is chocolate soufflé--- perfect , texture , presentation and taste .
Meanwhile , the atmosphere is elegant Italian style. High ceiling with white paint throughout, all the hardware speaks for the quality. Great for a special event or friends night out. The only problem I experienced was the noise when the restaurant is packed. I guess that is what called night life .
Overall, Highly recommended !

See all photos from Sabrina L. for Bottega Louie

Julia Y.
Los Angeles, CA
16 Brunch reviews
Jan 2, 2024
4 photos
Great service, wide, high-ceiling, luxurious space with an open kitchen, a full pastry corner, many seats, and yummy food.

They have everything I love and need. High-quality cake and macarons, lattes, and delicious brunch dishes. Their coffee beans are on the acidic side for those who do not like acidic coffee beans.

It's a no-brainer that I'll be back. Can't wait to visit again.

Zac W.
Draper, UT
060
Mar 23, 2025
The vibes were vibing, it's a very esthetic place! The food was authentic and amazing with great service.

Ashley O.
Elite 26
Fresno, CA
13 Brunch reviews
Oct 24, 2023
4 photos
This was my first time dining at the elegant and beautiful Bottega Louie. The ambiance certainly makes for gorgeous pictures and a calm atmosphere. All staff were welcoming and kind, our server was helpful in deciding what to order. The peach Italian cream soda was a bubbly delight. The bread was a little too hard for me but wasn't bad. I had the lasagna which was certainly appealing to the eye, but a little dry, I would have preferred more sauce. Still it was delicious and filling. I loved the abundance of layers and the melted mozzarella. My sister loved her pepperoni pizza (not pictured). Kind of pricey but given the ascetic of the restaurant you're overall paying for the experience and the food. I would recommend as a date spot.

Sami B.
Los Angeles, CA
4 Dessert reviews
Jan 24, 2024
5 photos
Had a new year brunch (breakfast menu) with group of 7 they loved all the menu

I'm a foodie but I was resting a little / refrain from eating out because of my health.
(yet thank God I'm getting recovered
& get some descent brunch like this)

The baked potato with rosemary was a surprisingly the most delicious among the menu
/ simple, comforting taste that I liked the most.

And the cup of warm Chai latte.

The waitress who took order (and everyone else who served) was very kind

Thank God for the good food
& superb customer service with beautiful smiles.

See all photos from Sami B. for Bottega Louie

Lanita P.
Fontana, CA
11 Italian Food reviews
Aug 7, 2024
4 photos
This place is absolutely delicious. I enjoyed eating here with my fellow coworkers. The service was good and the food was by far the best. We were seated right away and the menu did not overwhelm. The beignets were served warm with tasty raspberry and chocolate sauces. I will visiting again with family soon.

Marian I.
Rancho Cucamonga, CA
040
Sep 5, 2024
Best food & atmosphere loved everything about it
Will go again service was amazing & food was delicious

James L.
Elite 26
West Hollywood, CA
51 Brunch reviews
Oct 20, 2023
2 photos
Bottega Louie is such a staple of downtown brunch, but for the most part its just adequate. Yes, the service is great and prompt, and the restaurant is bustling with energy, but sometimes it doesnt feel like what youre paying for here is for the quality of food. My partner and I both got the eggs breakfast and mimosas, both were pretty standard. I think we missed the chance to order some of their amazing looking pastries or desserts but our appetite wasn't there for it.

Eggs breakfast

Mimosas

Maddy T.
Elite 26
San Dimas, CA
38 Brunch reviews
Jul 11, 2022
7 photos
This place is too glorified for me

I went because of all the pictures of this beautiful bakery. Ive seen the macaroons and old bank style building everywhere.

The cakes and pastries were absolutely beautiful but NOT worth anything over $10. $16 on average for a pastry is absurd even if they are intricately made. $6 for a croissant??? When eating it, it was super super dry. The honeycombing of the dough was was too much and had barely any layering which makes it seem so cheap and badly prepared.

The macaroons as well cost $3 each which is actually mind boggling.

I feel as if this place is a tourist trap. The concept of the patisserie and restaurant is really nice and seeing all the chefs around has a nice welcoming vibe yet paying well over $30 for just 2 things should not be normal.

Giving it 3 stars simply because the pastries itself were prepared and displayed very well and the chefs did amazing!

See all photos from Maddy T. for Bottega Louie

Raquel O.
Elite 26
San Dimas, CA
30 Brunch reviews
Aug 26, 2022
2 photos
Love all the choices at this location! Nice lunch spot in downtown LA. My friend and I shared a pizza and a salad. Good came out timely and delicious. The pizza is a very generous size and tasted great.

Parking limited, I usually walk here from my office.

The staff is courteous and I will definitely dine again when I'm the area.

Prosciutto pizza

Delicious

Betsy
Westlake Village, CA
3 Brunch reviews
Sep 27, 2025
Our group of three individuals enjoyed the atmosphere and the food very much. The service was also great. I loved the way they serve the warm and delicious, as well as pretty presentation of the bread directly on the paper lining the table. The noise level however, was awful. The high ceilings and hard surfaces contributed the a VERY LOUD environment. It made it extremely difficult to hear the person next to you in normal conversation. Not sure if the owners are willing to try to combat that issue but I would be more inclined to go back if it wasn't so darn loud.

Farrah M.
Culver City, CA
031
Apr 6, 2025
2 photos
Great ambiance & food. Loved the whole experience. The food was delicious and I enjoyed the open spaces

Vasile Florin F.
San Jose, CA
084
Mar 18, 2025
Delicious pizza at this place! We can't have enough of the deserts but dinner always brings us back here .... One of the nicest places in downtown !

Lisa M.
Elite 26
Anaheim, CA
20 Brunch reviews
Jun 22, 2022
5 photos
Super boujie but delicious dessert shop and restaurant! My friends and I stopped by after the Bridgerton event for dinner and absolutely loved the experience.

In the restaurant part of the shop, I got the carbonara while my friends tried the Trenne. I think the food was so good that we spent majority of the time quietly eating our dinner. In my opinion, it was probably the best carbonara in a really long time. Super expensive but worth it.

Right next to the restaurant portion of the shop is the dessert shop. They have an assorted variety of beautiful looking desserts that get packaged in a pretty pink box. The desserts and macaroons are expensive but are very well crafted and made. I think they make great gifts for someone or a treat for yourself. Husband and I shared the lemon tart and gifted the coffee caramel to my mom. The coffee caramel made my mom's day. Lol.

The lemon tart was delicious. We also tried their macaroons. I wasn't a fan of unicorn flavor which is a bubblegum flavor.. but apparently it is the most popular one there. Still would recommend.

See all photos from Lisa M. for Bottega Louie

Alexxa D.
Downey, CA
17 Brunch reviews
Mar 16, 2025
Carbonara pasta, blow my mind I was hesitant to order it but the waiter recommended it. He also recommended the beignet can't go wrong. The pizza is baked on brick oven, very nice place to take a date.

Beatrice R.
Long Beach, CA
11 Brunch reviews
Jun 24, 2023
2 photos
Bottega Louie is always a good time! Everything we ordered was delicious and worth the $$$. Service is friendly and fast, plenty of tables on a Saturday at 12:30pm. We made reservations but honestly you could have walked in and gotten seated immediately.

Highly recommend the butter lettuce salad, carbonara, and beignets!

Susanne T.
Wenatchee, WA
66301
Dec 9, 2024
Great atmosphere and service. I was disappointed with the food, the eggs Benedict. I would return but order something else.

Gab G.
Elite 26
All-Star
New York, NY
466 Brunch reviews
Jun 10, 2022
3 photos
Honestly, this place holds up after years of hype (though it's definitely pricey). I walked in around 10:45 on a weekday and there was no wait, but it began filling up around lunchtime with local professionals.

Belgian waffle was perfectly crisp, and side of sausage was decent. I also got a lemon tart to go that was great.

Overall solid!

Steph S.
Elite 26
Long Beach, CA
12 Brunch reviews
Sep 30, 2023
5 photos
Delicious food and can't wait to order some macarons on the way out. The carbonara came with a poached egg that was a bit over poached but the waiter brought one that was perfectly runny. Portions are generous so I have a meal for tomorrow and then some. Lastly, chocolate soufflés were ordered.

See all photos from Steph S. for Bottega Louie

Alice L.
Los Angeles, CA
45 Brunch reviews
Aug 2, 2023Updated review
7 photos
The interior is obviously so beautiful. Large glass windows, separate bakery line with bright pastels and neons, and separate dining area for restaurant.

I went to order some macarons. You can pick on a sheet of paper what you want just like sushi bar style. And then they arrange it in an adorable packaging. The ladies were very nice and courteous despite how hectic and busy the line was.

I attached pics of the macarons I chose - including macaron of the month - which i forgot to ask what it was. needless to say my favorite was espresso!! super authentic flavor with the perfect amount of sweetness

See all photos from Alice L. for Bottega Louie

Nov 14, 2017Previous review
Macarons are amazing, have yet to try their savory food...but the customer service could be better. At least from my experience one time they seem to be rusty and want to get you out of the way. But I would still go back if I feel like buying some quality macarons.

Charlie Y.
San Jose, CA
3 Dessert reviews
Mar 1, 2024
4 photos
I've been here twice now and both times I had a decent experience. They started us off with complimentary bread and it was solid. We also ordered their tuna tartar and their brussel sprouts with walnuts as appetizers. The tuna tartar was mediocre but the brussel sprouts were surprisingly really good. I would definitely recommend giving that one a try.

We ordered the Bianco pizza to share as a table and it was definitely the best thing we got there. It's a white sauce pizza with lots of ricotta and was super creamy. Their bolognese pasta was recommended by our waiter and it was decent but for the price, I don't think I would recommend it. The salmon was also alright but also didn't impress that much.

After dinner, we walked over to their pastries section and got an assortment of their macrons which were really good. I would recommend trying at least 1 or 2 if you go.

Overall, Bottega Louis had a really nice ambience which is perfect for a date night or event. The staff were all great and the food was good too. While it isn't cheap, I don't think the food is as expensive as other Italian restaurants in the area.

Sadaf A.
Elite 26
Irvine, CA
10 Brunch reviews
Jun 12, 2022
10 photos
This was my first time but not my family's. The high ceilings, fresh vibrant flowers, bright and airy place with spacious seatings, real live pizza being baked right before your eyes and an excellent service. Sicilia was our host. We absolutely would go with her recommendations again, everything she suggested was as we expected. Yummy, creamy, well cooked meat and the Italian taste in pizza. The freshly baked bread and pizza and pasta filled us up so much we could t try the sweets. But, the chocolate croissants to go was a good idea. It was just perfectly portioned with thin crusty layers sitting on chocolate layered at the bottom. Mmmmm.
Thank you Sicilia and thank you Chef Moon. We enjoyed ourselves.

See all photos from Sadaf A. for Bottega Louie

Ian C.
Hollywood, Los Angeles, CA
3 Brunch reviews
Apr 7, 2025
Such a lovely atmosphere with very friendly staff. Went on a Sunday at noon and it wasn't too busy. Around 1p I noticed it got a lot busier, so come around noon if you're looking to beat the lunch rush. There's street parking around the area and a parking structure about 200ft south of the restaurant that charges $6 for parking.

Lee N.
Los Angeles, CA
8738106
Aug 6, 2023
10 photos
I made reservations for a bachelorette brunch. Great service and got seated up pretty quickly. The place is beautiful. I got to try everyone's dish. Food was overall pretty good. My absolute favorites were the portobello fries!!! GET them!! We had to order a second one. Super crispy, flavorful, and juicy on the inside. I also really liked the carbonara, Margherita pizza, and Louie salad!

Got some macarons and mini cakes togo (forgot the names but it was something blueberry and strawberry), they were extremely sweet. Great presentation but I didn't quite enjoy them.

See all photos from Lee N. for Bottega Louie

Tracy H.
Inglewood, CA
17 Brunch reviews
Jun 22, 2023
4 photos
We had a party of 4 on a Sunday evening- made reservations but it wasn't as crowded as I remembered it [years ago].
Valet for $18 was right outside but there was a $7 flat fee (after x o'clock?) parking garage diagonally across the street from valet.
The butter lettuce salad with goat cheese (forgot the name) was good - definitely gotta chop the leaves smaller if that's your preference.
Strawberry Italian soda was delicious at $9 ‍.
The popular portobello fries are a must - I'm not big of mushrooms but this was good!
Bottega is spacious, lux, and bright (when the sun's out) - great natural lighting up until the evening.
We got seated right away with a reservation and the food came quick after ordering.
Definitely a great way to catch up with friends/family

A J.
Los Angeles, CA
17 Brunch reviews
Sep 25, 2024
This restaurant has great ambiance, overall fun spot to dine in. Food is pretty good but pricy. I recommend the pizza, it's definitely their specialty.

Food may take a while if they are busy but aside from that free great experience!

Ravin G.
Los Angeles, CA
4 Brunch reviews
Mar 23, 2025
Love love love everything about them. Been their customer from last 3 years. Love the service as the staff is very welcoming and helping. The ambience and is pretty simple and nice to enjoy with groups. Not a great fan of their food but love their pastries and macrons.

Lady M.
Stevenson Ranch, CA
04110
Feb 15, 2025
Went back to Bottega after several years. The bakery is the same however the restaurant is not the same. The service was bad and the food was disappointing. The place was very loud even during brunch.

Ani E.
Clovis, CA
10127
Nov 18, 2023
2 photos
Great ambiance, good food, worth the wait.
The drinks are as good as the conversation with staff

Christina Y.
Elite 26
Herndon, VA
17 Brunch reviews
Jun 25, 2022
2 photos
One of my absolute favorite things to do while traveling is to look for patisseries with the prettiest pastries so of course I'd stop by Bottega Louie! I found myself wanting to look at everything they had on their bakery side because come on, it looks beautiful!

Ended up ordering a strawberry tart and cheesecake. However, I really wanted to try every single one of their pastries but had no one to help me eat them lol. Both pastries were delicious and fulfilled my sweets cravings.

There is a seating area for yummy food as well and it was pretty busy during the weekend which I wasn't surprised about.

Quanita D.
Hacienda Heights, CA
87358
Jan 29, 2025Updated review
Always a pleasure dining at Bottega Louie! Food, ambience, and incredible service, makes this spot above par!

Jul 23, 2013Previous review
My tummy jumps for joy!! 4 stars for the ambiance, decor and cuisine. Minus 1 star for the price $22 for a martini, I understand it was a top shelf vodka but come on!!!

Trinny T.
Elite 26
All-Star
Los Angeles, CA
74 Brunch reviews
May 23, 2022
7 photos
I love how pretty the desserts are

But these desserts are so expensive. $16 for a piece of Napoleon cake? Maybe $10 is enough because it costs as much as a meal

See all photos from Trinny T. for Bottega Louie

Roberto B.
Elite 26
Santa Clarita, CA
23 Brunch reviews
Sep 8, 2023
Foods good got the black truffle pizza and the mushroom fries (best appetizer they serve). The ambiance honestly felt like a Cheesecake Factory but just ever so slightly above it. It lacks a style. Service needs to improve. We were there at 4PM it was pretty empty. But our server came by 3 times - to get order, to drop off the food and to collect the bill.

Went since my fiancé wanted to go for her birthday. Was really let down.

Note: booked reservation through Resy.

Jose H.
Los Angeles, CA
14019
Nov 11, 2024Updated review
Food is good, drinks ok. But service very unpolite, lack of attentiveness and very cold environment. Not coming back

Jan 18, 2014Previous review
I tried one time, but rude personal, lack of organization and no attention for costumers. i decided to go somewhere else because of the way of treat they gave me.

Mariam Z.
Orange County, CA
3 Italian Food reviews
Dec 4, 2023
2 photos
What a beautiful huge place with so much to offer! The service is excellent! However, if you come on a Saturday evening they may run out of dessert! The macaroons are delicious! Make sure to try the salted caramel and earl grey macaroons!

We'll definitely be returning for dinner!

Liliya S.
Beverly Hills, CA
1151174403
Aug 17, 2023
Lovely gem european spot in downtown.
Great for any accusation. Portobello mushrooms my fav appetizer. Any pasta or pizza always are the best in town.
Thank you so much. Love this place

Juanwen C.
Elite 26
Anaheim, CA
15 Brunch reviews
Jul 10, 2022
4 photos
Their salmon Benedict is not as good as people say in my opinion. The reason is the smoked salmon is super salty and anything else on the plate is plain. They might think is a good balance but it will be nicer if they can add some flavor to the veggies and do less sodium to the salmon. Also is a little weird to have hash browns on the bottom, instead of toast. It could be crunchy on the bottom and soggy on the top if they used toast under. But since hush brown it made the taste just double soggy. Nah not great.

Farmer breakfast used very fresh veggies, had good flavor, especially the potatoes, roasted perfect and taste great! Recommend it!

The best meal is the Portobello fries -mushroom fries. So much flavor, good crunchy outside, and fresh and juicy giant mushroom inside!!! Dip into the special green sauce, Perfect!!! Highly recommended!!!

Parking: valet parking is $15, and indoor parking lot is between $7-10, depending on which one and how long would you stay. I don't recommend street parking. Because it's LA DOWNTOWN. it's not too safe... You know.

Naty B.
Los Angeles, CA
4 Dessert reviews
Feb 7, 2025
Let me start off with if you have a baby you probably wouldn't feel too comfortable dining here. (No changing table in the HUGE bathroom) Food was nothing special & neither was the service. The deserts looked delicious but were definitely on the pricey side.

Nichole P.
Elite 26
Santa Ana, CA
13 Brunch reviews
Aug 28, 2022
8 photos
So I came here because we had dinner next door and my husband said this is a well known bakery. I order the cheese pretzel 3/5 that I wouldn't order again but y'all, let me tell you about this napoleon though!

I ate it HOURS after I bought it and it was still crispy! I even took a video of it to remember of satisfying the sound alone was. It was $16 and SO with it! It's the sole reason why I'm rating this place 5 stars. A Must try for sure. So simply and yet so amazing. I wish I could get one every day but I love 1.5 hours away so it'll have to be saved for special occasions only.

See all photos from Nichole P. for Bottega Louie

Alex N.
Elite 26
Irvine, CA
15 Brunch reviews
May 15, 2023
5 photos
I used to come here a lot for their chocolate bars, but never really dined here until recently.

We got garage parking in the parking structure across Grand Ave. I believe it's $7 all day, at least on the weekend. The interior is very bright and definitely has an upscale feel.

We had a decent sized group so we ordered multiple items on the weekend brunch menu:
- French toast: the toast had a soft interior and the fruit was fresh. Other than that, just your standard French toast.
- Lobster hash: the lobster tasted really good and the sauce was not bad either
- Portobello fries: really good and pairs perfectly with the aioli sauce. You might want to eat this one quickly or they might get stuck together
- Calamari fritti: good crisp. Also basically just standard calamari
- Croque madame: tasted like an ordinary sandwich.
- Calabrese pizza: each bite has a very fresh taste and also was a bit with the honey
- Tartufo pizza: definitely recommend this one. You can smell the truffle on the melted cheese and you can certainly taste it as well. The egg garnished on the pizza is also nice and adds a nice color to it. My only complaint about this one is the crust is a bit chewy and could be fluffier in a sense.

We also got two cocktails: Juicy and Bellini. Both were nice and sweet, but I would say the Juicy tasted slightly better for us.

Overall, food is a bit on the pricey side, but the quality is pretty much there. Service and ambiance add more value to justify the price too.

See all photos from Alex N. for Bottega Louie

Jessica B.
Elite 26
Anaheim, CA
9 Dessert reviews
Jun 6, 2024
2 photos
My daughter reeeally wanted macarons on a recent trip to DTLA for the Emo Orchestra. I am not a fan of macarons, but I decided to take her. We attempted to stop in before the show, circled the block several times and wasn't able to find parking. We went on with our night and attempted again after the show. After a few more trips around the block, we finally found parking a block over. We parked and walked to the location. As we walked up, we noticed the lights over the dessert/macaron area were off and almost everything was put away. Everywhere I looked online says hours are until 12am, but it turns out that the dessert counter closes at 10pm. It was now 10:18pm. We were so sad. While talking to the guy who was closing up the desert counter, he mentioned that we could walk over to the bar and purchase a variety box of random macarons, a blind box, per se. We decided to go for it since we were already there and my daughter really wanted to try them. The 2 flavors that she really wanted to try (Espresso and Ultimate Chocolate) were in the box! She was so excited. She said they were really good and everything that she wanted. I decided to take a nibble of the Mango flavor...and oh my goodness was it goooood! I tried little bites of the other flavors and they were also very delicious. The best macarons that I have ever tried. I still dream about that Mango macaron...I'll be stopping in again soon. For sure.

Judy C.
Elite 26
All-Star
Honolulu, HI
56 Brunch reviews
Apr 18, 2022
10 photos
After getting an email from Yelp CM, RE: top 50 most reviewed restaurant and eateries on Yelp. I Had Bottega Louie bookmarked and many others on the list and it was perfect since I was going to Orange County for the weekend. Over 17,000 + reviews and #1 on the list, must visit for me. I was excited, and asked my wonderful hubby the Uber driver to take me. I even gave up my favorite donut spot out at Newport for Bottega. Actually I cheated and had a Krispy Kreme donut along the way.

Important first time info. for newbies like me. No reservations, walk ins only, valet parking only, and the long line in front is not for the restaurant, it is for the bakery ( I was in the wrong line but it worked out as I wanted to get desserts while the other half went to get a table) Expect a long wait and also to show proof of vaccination as we had to show ours during the month of March. Also expect noise from the busy crowd, if you want quiet this is not a place for you.

Bottega Louie is super nice, huge restaurant, a gourmet market, patisserie and cafe. Located in Downtown Los Angeles. W/only one hour on the meter we were limited on time. My hubby did not want to walk back to car to feed the meter and walk back, ( our mistake, next time we will have to plan better) We had to rush and ended up only getting and sharing the lobster hash $29., which was recommended by our server. The lobster hash was amazingly delicious, I loved how the entree was put together. The hash was nice and crispy, loved popping the egg yolk, and the sauce was so good with complimentary bread, I also loved eating the bread with the egg yolk and I saved the the lobster, the best for last.

For desserts, I got the 6 piece macaroon in a heart shaped box ($20.) and original beignets to go. The flavors of macaroon all sound so good and it was hard to choose. The beignets, my opinion taste more like a malasada (Portuguese fried dough) because of the sugar, did not come with the powdered sugar. I didn't know there were more pastries on the other end, wanted to try the Kouign but didn't want to wait in line. next time.

All in all, we had a great first time experience at the most reviewed restaurant on Yelp and I plan to be back again soon. This time I have plans for more lobster hash and def. try the lunch items. We will be back soon, Bottega's already on my list for my upcoming trip.
Totally recommend, just be prepared since it is a very popular restaurant.

See all photos from Judy C. for Bottega Louie

Dhruv T.
Los Angeles, CA
0112
Feb 21, 2025
What an incredible place, we always stop by when we are in downtown. They have the best desserts and you really feel the attention to detail they put in their work.

Emily L.
Elite 26
New York, NY
19 Brunch reviews
Jun 20, 2022
1 photo
I came in here for dessert and coffee after exploring downtown LA. I heard about the macrons being really great so I had to order it. However, they also had a variety of other desserts available at their cafe.

I also got the tiramisu as well and a coffee to eat with my baked goods. The tiramisu was so delicious, and honestly was probably the top 5 I've had.

The coffee and Italian cream soda were nice and refreshing but couldn't compete with the items in the bakery.

I also ordered a gin based cocktail at the bar too but it was definitely very spirit forward. Definitely felt like I got bang for my buck.

I want to go back and try the food as I saw a lot of people at the restaurant section of Bottega Louie! I have high expectations and anticipation as the baked goods were great!

Tiramisu, macrons, strawberry cream soda, lavender latte

Paul T.
Tustin, CA
15 Brunch reviews
Dec 25, 2024
Love this place. Took my son here for his first time and he was over the moon for the macaroons!!

Soni R.
El Segundo, CA
4 Dessert reviews
Jul 21, 2024
1 photo
The cutest restaurant, came here for my bday. The food, service and ambiance was just spectacular. It was also very walking distance to the hub of everythinh.

Decor

Tiramisu cake

Princess Mae V.
Elite 26
Newark, CA
10 Brunch reviews
Aug 21, 2023
2 photos
Made a reservation for a Thursday night. You're seated after your entire party is present, we were a few minutes late and were seated immediately. We ordered the Pineapple Express and sangria for drinks. For food we ordered the Italian salad, Bianca pizza, carbonara pasta, calamari. The calamari and salad were my favorites. For dessert, we got a box of early grey and pistachio macarons. The macarons were delicious!! Nice ambiance.

Carbonara, Fried Calamari, Salad

Macarons - Earl Grey and Pistachio

Annie L.
Elite 26
Orange, CA
38 Brunch reviews
May 21, 2022
Just average to me. All hype. Ordered the half pepperoni pizza and half sausage pizza. Both okay but stick with all pepperoni.

Got the bolognese and it was okay. Needed acidity. The arugula salad was simple with lemon vinaigrette dressing, but the onions strings on top were very tasty.

First time and unimpressed. Even the waiter said "top rated restaurant on LA, not the best restaurant..but has 17k reviews." Even he knows it's not the best restaurant!

Also, you will be charge 5% for a "benefits surcharge" which is benefits to prevent wage increase for the employees!! Not fair but I guess it's an LA thing! There's no going back. One time is enough.

Amber L.
Elite 26
Los Gatos, CA
50 Brunch reviews
Aug 16, 2022
4 photos
We came here twice, once for a dessert and once for brunch.

As for the brunch, we had the Margarita Pizza which was super nice, thin crust and very flavorful. One of the nicest pizzas I have had.

We then went on the eggs Benedict which were unique as they were on a base of hash browns, with fresh fish with the eggs on top. It was wonderful, the variety of textures, tastes and consistencies was amazing., Again one of the best eggs Benedict I have had.

We ended with the chicken parm and it was not up to the others in terms of tastes and quality.

The night before we came for dessert and had the soufflé. It was wonderful, fantastic texture, the right sweetness, made to perfection. Wow.

The consistency of good quality and tastes makes this a must stop for anyone in LA.

naheed c.
Los Angeles, CA
6413622
Dec 22, 2024Updated review
I love this restaurant, the atmosphere and staff. I've always had great experiences here. It is a truly special place. I love taking people from out of town here because it is so beautiful and the food and pastries are delicious. I've had exceptional pizza, salad, hamburgers, and desserts. They are all good. I am so happy this restaurant survived the pandemic. It was boarded up during the Covid era and it was so sad. When they reopened and looked more beautiful than ever it was so exciting. Support a great place and enjoy the ambiance.

Nov 7, 2014Previous review
This place has great food, beautiful ambiance and tasty iced coffee. I love it...to all of the people who hate parking a few blocks away, there's this thing called exercise and it is really good for you. You should try it some time, especially when it is free and doesn't require a gym membership!

Anne M.
Central LA, Los Angeles, CA
12630
Sep 7, 2024
2 photos
The food is yummy & fresh. I usually go for pastas & my boyfriend for their burger. They also serve pizzas. I always get some pastries to go. The service is professional, like fine dining restaurant and ambiance makes you feel comfortable. They have an open kitchen. Great place, great food!

Desserts