Richmond Hill south, Briarwood southeast, and Kew Gardens Hills east.

Kew Gardens is located in Queens Community District 9 and its ZIP Code is 11415.

Kew Gardens is a neighborhood in the central area of the New York City borough of Queens.

Kew Gardens is bounded to the north by the Union Turnpike and the Jackie Robinson Parkway, to the east by the Van Wyck Expressway and 131st Street, to the south by Hillside Avenue, and to the west by Park Lane, Abingdon Road, and 118th Street.

Forest Park is to the west and the neighborhood of Forest Hills to the northwest, Flushing Meadows–Corona Park north, Richmond Hill south, Briarwood southeast, and Kew Gardens Hills east.

Politically, Kew Gardens is represented by the New York City Council's 29th District.

Because the western end of the bridge connects

The Queensboro Bridge, officially the Ed Koch Queensboro Bridge, is a cantilever bridge over the East River in New York City.

Because the western end of the bridge connects to 59th Street in Manhattan, it is also called the 59th Street Bridge.

The bridge consists of five steel spans measuring 3,725 ft (1,135 m) long; including approaches, its total length is 7,449 ft (2,270 m).

The Queensboro Bridge carries New York State Route 25 (NY 25), which terminates at the bridge's western end in Manhattan.

The bridge has two levels: an upper level with a pair of two-lane roadways, and a lower level with four vehicular lanes flanked by a  walkway and a bike lane.

The western leg of the Queensboro Bridge is paralleled on its northern side by the Roosevelt Island Tramway.

The bridge is one of four vehicular bridges directly connecting Manhattan Island and Long Island, along with the Williamsburg, Manhattan, and Brooklyn bridges to the south.

Serious proposals for a bridge linking Manhattan to Long Island City were first made as early as 1838, but various 19th-century plans to erect such a bridge, including two proposals by Queens doctor Thomas Rainey, never came to fruition.

After the creation of the City of Greater New York in 1898, plans for a city-operated bridge were finalized in 1901.

The bridge opened for public use on March 30, 1909, and was initially used by pedestrians, horse-drawn and motor vehicles, elevated trains, and trolleys.

Designated as a New York City landmark in 1973, the bridge was renovated extensively from the late 1970s to the 1990s.

The bridge was officially renamed in 2011 in honor of former New York City mayor Ed Koch, and another renovation occurred in the early 2020s.

Template:Attached KML/Queens Boulevard KML is from Wikidata Queens Boulevard is a major thoroughfare connecting Midtown Manhattan, via the Queensboro Bridge, to Jamaica

Queens Boulevard is a major thoroughfare connecting Midtown Manhattan, via the Queensboro Bridge, to Jamaica in Queens, New York City, United States.

Queens Boulevard runs northwest to southeast from Queens Plaza at the Queensboro Bridge entrance in Long Island City.

It runs through the neighborhoods of Sunnyside, Woodside, Elmhurst, Rego Park, Forest Hills, Kew Gardens, and Briarwood before terminating at Jamaica Avenue in Jamaica.

The route of today's Queens Boulevard originally consisted of Hoffman Boulevard and Thompson Avenue, which was created by linking and expanding these already-existing streets, stubs of which still exist.

In 1913, a trolley line was constructed from 59th Street in Manhattan east along the new boulevard.

It is adjacent to Corona to the north, Rego Park and Glendale to the west, Forest Park to the south, Kew Gardens to the

Forest Hills is a neighborhood in the central portion of the borough of Queens in New York City.

It is adjacent to Corona to the north, Rego Park and Glendale to the west, Forest Park to the south, Kew Gardens to the southeast, and Flushing Meadows–Corona Park and Kew Gardens Hills to the east.

The area was originally referred to as "Whitepot".

The current name comes from the Cord Meyer Development Company, which bought 660 acres (270 ha) in central Queens in 1906 and renamed it after Forest Park.

Forest Hills has a longstanding association with tennis: the Forest Hills Stadium hosted the U.S.

Open from 1915 through 1977 and the West Side Tennis Club offers grass courts for its members.

The area's main commercial street, Austin Street, contains many restaurants and chain stores.

Forest Hills is located in Queens Community District 6 and its ZIP Code is 11375.

Politically, Forest Hills is represented by the New York City Council's 29th District.