Its high ceilings, beautiful white walls, and fresh flour decorations are luxurious and old world gorgeous.

Even the cacophony of voices that echo off the large ceilings add to the luxurious, Italian glow.

The interior is open and airy and very spacious for a downtown joint

They're always impressed by the hand towels and fresh flowers in the bathroom :D

Just wait until you see all of the goodies behind their glass case lines.

We did share their $10 glass of Fresh Squeezed O.J.

Got a ceasar salad, the pear martini, and baratta pizza.

The whole display was filled with macaroni of every flavor.

The crust is light and airy with the right amount of crunch.

It was light and just sweet enough to curb that sugar fix.

The place is huge, but feels stark with the white walls.

5 macroons and a flat white 12oz will run you about 24$ keep that in mind, i don't think

At the front of the store there is a large dessert display and a coffee counter.

Whether you're here for a meal, a drink at the cafe bar area, or to check out the beautiful pastries section.

Downtown location has that open high ceiling New York vibe.

A beautiful pastries section right when you walk in with all the artful creation in the glass display.

West Hollywood, a smaller location but it does have patio seating in front as well as covered patio out back.

And their pastries and bar area is right in the middle of the restaurant.

Both beautifully decorated which gives it that extra touch.

Each items are well decorated and beautifully made that you don't want to eat them.

Also the bar area is quite nice.

But the main reason for loads of visits, the beautiful pastries counters.

The selection is amazing, well decorated and beautifully showcased.

Beautiful space, it does get busy but there's a bar area where you could have a cocktail while your table is being prepared.

Stopped off here today for a glass of wine as I had some time to kill waiting for a friend.

Sat in the bar area as it's open seating vs waiting for a table in the restaurant area.

The feeling you get when you walk in seeing all the macaroons lined up in the front and the selections of deliciousness delicate pastry in the glass.

The bartender was on hand was very sweet and friendly.

I just had a glass of wine as I just had lunch earlier at a different location.

The space is elegant, open, and very aesthetically pleasing.

Even the bathrooms were stunning -- decorated in gold and white and very pretty.

They also have a front dessert counter filled with beautiful pastries and desserts that looked amazing.

Restaurant is light and bright.

There's a display of macarons in various flavors.

also a display case of many other desserts to choose from.

There is also a restaurant and bar attached so you can have a full meal, but I was happily with my small dessert.

With some colleagues, we shared the calabrese pizza, arugula salad, grilled broccolini, and the white truffle arancini.

White truffle always hits right.

The ambiance was nice.

I loved the bright and elegant decor/atmosphere - it made the experience really enjoyable.

The open kitchen was fun, too.

I liked their macarons, though pistachio tasted a tad artificial and earl grey was slightly too bitter.

The pain au chocolat barely had chocolate in it.

Place is very spacious and open with a little bakery cafe in the front.

The space is stunning in the daytime -- bright, airy, and effortlessly romantic.

The ambiance was very historic and charming.

Their cocktail bar is phenomenal, the bartenders are experts at their craft and their selection of top shelf spirits is truly note worthy.

Service was amazing, it was a little loud in the space but menu was very eclectic and varied food was good and my partner had been here a few times and spoke very highly of it.

I just wish there was better parking options, that's the only downside (the closest structure across the street is $18.) But once inside, the space is very open, clean and welcoming.

Ambiance is great, large, spacious.

Refreshing, light, scrumptious.

We ordered at the tablet near the coffee bar and they called our name for pick up.

Staff at coffee bar was very nice and helpful.

Staff at pastry counter was not.

Visitors inevitably gravitate toward the candy counter on the way out -- it's hard not to.

The entire space is incredibly aesthetically pleasing, from the marble to the displays.

One note: with so much marble, the acoustics can make conversation a bit challenging in certain areas of the restaurant.

Ambiance is very open, aesthetic, and beautiful.

I primary sit at the bar by default, you can't go wrong sitting anywhere honestly.

My server at the bar was absolutely amazing, I wish I remembered his name!

Lovely building with some French cafe vibes but on a grand and modern scale

[BUSINESS NAME] is a restaurant, gourmet market, patisserie and cafe, with full bar service.

There are two seating areas: one where you wait to be seated in the restaurant and another where you can seat yourself next to the pastry displays.

There is also an open kitchen, which I really like.

The egg of the omelette was very light and fluffy.

The staff here was very kind and pretty quick throughout our visit, filling glasses and taking orders pretty quickly.

From the moment you walk in, the ambiance is unreal - bright, lively, and framed by those gorgeous high ceilings that make the whole space feel grand.

The open kitchen adds to the vibe, letting you watch the action while you wait (and drool a little).

Beautiful space, great food, and top-tier vibes.

It IS very loud due to the wall-to-wall marble, so that's really my only negative, but it's not overwhelming.

Ambiance (5/5) - The restaurant is big, clean, bright and bustling.

There's ample seating indoors, with big windows, marble flooring, and a patisserie that's known for their macaroons.

The custard was very light and creamy smooth, size-wise easily served 9 adults and have some to spare.

The high ceilings and marble flooring makes the entire restaurant into a reverberating chamber of noise.

Restaurant is clean and fancy and all white making it seem super sterile.

It is aesthetically pleasing with all the different colored macarons and then the delicious pastries and baked goods.

I love the open kitchen concepts too.

You can view in the bakery, the kitchen and the pizza area too.

The space here is sprawling!

I wish there was an option for an enclosed patio, but it's a city, so I know that's really wishful thinking.

The first thing you notice when you walk in is a bright colored wall with delicious treats, the display case of rainbow colored macaroons, pastries, bread, tarts and more!

The restaurant is in a gorgeous building and the decor was set with intention.

I loved all the small details - like down to the fresh flowers in the bathroom.

They even have a bar with seating as well.

[BUSINESS NAME] is undeniably beautiful -- bright, airy, aesthetic, and just a really fun place to walk into.

We didn't try the desserts this time since we had plans to go somewhere else afterward, but the dessert counter looked gorgeous.

Overall, the ambience and aesthetic definitely outshine the food and service.

Always a great pleasure dining here (though based upon the relatively open table layout - this is a former department store location with high ceilings, I'm not sure it's great for romantic dining as it can be a bit noisy, but the wine and bar selections are excellent, including non-alcoholic options.)

Also, there's a full bar in the front that features happy hours directly across from the patisserie and bakery.

Because this is a large department store space, ambience can be quite noisy and echoes because of all of the white marble surfaces, probably not the best place for intimate and quiet conversations.

Made the $20 pizza my own: 1/2 artichoke and 1/2 burrata - it's like having Batalli's burrata bar on a perfect 1000F fired crust.

The place used to be a designer fashion salon, so the high-ceilings do make it sort of like eating inside a cathedral, din-wise.

As to the difficulty with seating, because the place is so huge and the staff so efficient, we waited all of exactly 16.5 minutes at the peak of a Saturday night dinner hour at 7 pm for a table for 2.

However there is a open bar area to bide your wait-times, and there's always the bakery.

The ambiance is nice though.

The ladies at the counter, do they not know how to smile or greet customers?

I love to sit at the bar and drink mimosas for brunch.

It's a grand space with a lot of tables to accommodate your party.

You can think of this place as 3-in-1 cafe, bar, restaurant.

The ambiance is unique in that half the building is a specialty bakery and specialty coffee bar while the other half of the building is a restaurant.

The style of the restaurant is immaculate as there's a golden/white sparkling when entering, similar to marble type environment, super modern and well designed.

Only downside to the fries is the container that it comes in, although great aesthetic, the pieces that fall off can easily make a mess on the table, not a huge downside but one to look at.

The food is always consistent and so delightful!

I was full by the time the arancini arrived but oh my everything was tasting great I'm leaving the review before I even payed for my food the truffle flavor was light but definitely throughout the dish, my server was attentive and explained the menu to me with much fervor.

I especially enjoy the big windows, and can't wait to hit the dessert side, the grand macaron looks epic.

The interior was very clean and bright, which I loved.

AMBIANCE: Elegant and simple style!

Lots of space for dining, which typically means short waits.

Fun layout so you can see the food being made and the dessert you can purchase.

For 36 I expected fresh Parmesan and all I got was that little glass jar of that cheese .

The dessert bar was interesting.

Tons of cute macarons (wrapped up in fancy boxes a la Laduree), elaborate pastries and plenty of space.

The only possible cons I could think of are the metered parking and lack of decor.

It's such a huge, airy space that the blank walls and plain structural beams are begging for adornment - even just crown moulding and a few wall sconces would help.

Love their pizzas, macarons, and open kitchen concept.

We think maybe restaurants should increase prices slightly instead of having this fee.

I started with a perfectly balanced dirty martini at the bar -- cold, crisp, and beautifully prepared.

The layout is open concept so you can see all the chefs hard at work in your skillfully crafted and delicious meals.

Getting a chair at one of their limited indoor seating is a lottery - and I won.

As always, the space is beautiful and has great acoustics (read: loud).

Food is still solid but the contant low roar of the various sounds rebounding along the fabulously accoustic-ed interior is getting to me a little.

A very cozy ambiance.

The indoor decor was very bourgeois and felt like an old bank turned into a macaroon pastry restaurant.

You walk into the most gorgeous bakery, set with in an old marble building with a beautiful open layout.

The layout is beautiful, the workers all work in unison which is great to see.

The restaurant itself is very open and also has a nice bar area.

I liked that they had two different kitchens that you could see into.

If an Oscar's for bartender existed, Vic would be first runner up.

Drinks were tasteful and aesthetically pleasing.

The restaurant is already stunning on its own--with its airy white interiors, beautiful marble accents, and elegant ambiance--but once we added our table décor, it looked like something out of a magazine.

The scrambled eggs were not as light and fluffy as I typically would like, but they remade them for me!

I would like to start off by saying I did not stay here and eat or sit at the bar.

This place is beautiful, Very clean and aesthetic.

Seating up front is always comfortable and refreshing.

Apparently new Managment has directed staff to dismiss you to "get your own coffee at the front counter".

Funny thing: for some reason, I always end up here with old friends I haven't seen in years--and every single time, we take a photo in front of the dessert display.

or just really good lighting.

Especially the Earl Grey one with the blue coloring and dash of gold.

-I just got the Grand Cru since I've never heard of it before, but it tasted like a slightly richer chocolate?

-Salted caramel had a gooey caramel filling, which was decadently perfect and the Earl Grey had a stronger tea taste with slight sweetness which was nice.

The ambiance is really nice which is why I will definitely go back someday to try their other stuff.

Loved the vibes and especially the cathedral ceilings.

Ambiance was also nice.

The inside is so clean and all white.

The architecture of the building is a site to see.

The bar is so fun to hang out and drink and dine as well.

It can be loud at times due to the glass, open air, and no "soft" furniture.

I usually get an arnold palmer, but our guests like the italian sodas...and there is a full bar.

This location in particular is very grand with the high ceilings and minimalist decor.

I would recommend just stopping by to admire the beautiful pastries and macaron display.

I was drawn to the Branzino on the menu which is a tender white fish that's grilled with tender meat and crispy skin.

The fish was very well done - so buttery and rich, but perfectly balanced with the light and lemony frisée salad of watercrest.

With the cilantro aïoli, it was a very dense and oily appetizer - a huge contrast to the light and flavorful fish.

We got seated at the bar area and ordered a couple dessert with the bartender.

Ambiance is always lively as this is a happening place.

I think that it was really hard to talk because the ceiling is really big and your voice echos.

When I asked for the cafe barista to make the matcha and coffee in a mug, she refused stating that it's only for to go.

My matcha was made with regular milk which i specifically asked for oat because I have a dairy allergy.

All of this to say, they missed the bar several times today and this is not typical of this place!

Good music playing in the background and Full bar before the actual restaraunt.

So much space for a quick bite and meet up with friends either for coffee or the dinning area which is like a fancy cafeteria with hostess wearing all black .

Restaurant, bar, dessert and coffee bar.

If you're lucky, you can walk in and dine in the bar area.

Somehow we ended up at the bar, which was fine Va wise they were busy.

James was not only quick with his bartending, he was also quick as a server and quick to accommodate all four of us with our custom likes and dislikes.

I have yet to dine in, but I definitely plan to because it looks so nice inside and I've heard many good things about the food/bar.

I quickly made my decision and purchased a mini pistachio strawberry cake because it was sooo pretty, but the only issue I had that frustrated me was during my short walk down the street from [BUSINESS NAME] to my job, my cake was sliding around in the box without much of a barrier or protection to prevent it from touching the sides.

Their pastries are very delicious and in the area, I would definitely the restaurant decor is amazing as well.

The decor is very nice and there's lots of pastries to choose from.

It's a beautiful space with marble flooring that make noises reverberate throughout the restaurant.

ambiance: hugeeee restaurant.

so spacious omg!

Had to ask for ice (or just a glass of ice) for the bottle of water more than once.

People have warned me not to eat at here because it's one of those restaurants that's all decor and no substance so I haven't.

Interior and exterior was absolutely beautiful.

I loved the high ceilings and boujee interior.

The store is just beautiful with high ceilings, beautiful dessert display, convenient seating for enjoying a coffee/dessert and fine dining restaurant in the back.

There is a bar in the front next to the seating.

Ambiance: very bright and open atmosphere.

What looks to be simple is actually a very beautiful architecture.

Ambiance is very clean, classy, and had an elegant vibe.

Cute ambiance, solid reviews and tasty looking pictures.

Arrived in 15minutes and was told Kitchen closed for walk in.

Nice european decor, high ceilings and truly open space.

Ambiance - lovely.

All the employees are extremely nice and helpful, the waiter even let us have a champagne glass for my nephews OJ so we could toast his graduation!

The location itself is decorated beautifully!

All the white and gold tones along with the open concept makes the place feel so bright!

The interior space and dining area is beautiful with high ceilings and makes the dining experience feel special and grand.

I really like the open kitchen where you can see the kitchen staff working hard to prepare the meals.

The interior is lavish and bright with tall ceilings.

Upon entering you're greeted by their colorful display of fresh macarons and a full patisserie.

The interior is very much afternoon tea vibes.

There's a huge dining area with high ceilings and it felt very spacious even though it was packed on a Saturday morning.

Lovely food and ambiance.

We tried some pastries to go and nothing special with their aesthetic looking patries except for their Napoleon and Tiramisu which are both highly recommended.

A really lovely restaurant with high ceilings, lots of windows, great food, service and an upscale but chill vibe.

Sat at a little bar counter and the bartender was friendly and clearly knew his stuff.

upscale Italian restaurant and patisserie that's widely celebrated for both its dining and aesthetic experiences.

The interior at [BUSINESS NAME] is sleek and bright, with a Parisian theme with colorful displays of pastries and macarons.

The environment is super noisy but very cool either way high ceiling and nice ambient.

Great food, service and ambiance!

Ambience: love the decor beautiful and fresh flowers throughout, a showcase of delicious desserts and fresh coffee brewing , a cool fully stocked bar.

[BUSINESS NAME] all-white interiors are the perfect backdrop for the star of the show - the pastries in the display case and the food.

Your eye is drawn to the colors displayed on the wall (they offer boxed chocolates and sprinkles-covered pretzels) to entice you into buying their treats.

It was only when I was done with my meal that he remembered to finally bring it, along with a slightly audible apology.

The food and the ambiance made up for it.

However, they said the cafe seating area is first come, first serve and we can still order from the restaurant menu from there.

Though the food was great, the portions are meant for a light brunch, in my opinion.

Came here for brunch a long time ago and remembered the beautiful interior so I was excited to come back for dinner.

I loved the high ceilings and big windows.

Thankfully they had a casual seating area while we waited for the tables to be set up.

Service: 5 stars - attentive staff that appear to enjoy their occupation makes the vibe nice

Ambiance: 5 stars - love the dessert counter as you walk in then the magnificently high ceilings and chic empty white walls and ceiling, wood fired grill and exposed kitchen.

Started of with a lavender latte, so light and refreshing.

We parked in the lot under the One Wilshire Building (624 Grand) across the street, $8 for the day.

[BUSINESS NAME] has an impressive selection in a gorgeous space.

The food is by no means bad, but service is standoffish, the space is loud, and food is overpriced and uninspired.

Lively ambiance with modern and minimalistic interior, [BUSINESS NAME] is a combination of an Italian restaurant, gourmet market, and French patisserie.

For dessert, we got a box of macarons, which were light but also decadent because of the filling.

I fell in love with the elegance and size of this beautifully decorated restaurant!

The high vaulted ceilings and the incredible amount of natural light this restaurant receives completely enhances the dining experience.

The ambience is amazing with the clean aesthetic and the way it's decorated makes you feel like a princess.

Bakery greets you at the door, open kitchen lets you watch as meals come together.

The pancakes were yummy, fluffy, light, not too sweet, deliciousness!

Can sit and have a meal or coffee, and can also buy desserts at the walk up counter, and they're placed in beautiful boxes just like in Paris, delicious and fresh macaroons, highly recommend, have already returned.

Although a few changes have been made, service is still outstanding, ambiance is ever beautiful retro, and the food wonderfully consistent.

After our meal, we strolled over to the Patisserie section for a few take-home sinful delights.

So...Head over to [BUSINESS NAME] and enjoy all their offerings of terrific food, magnificent pastries and desserts, coupled with a bar full of Elixirs!

Ambiance is classic and chill.

It's is airy and spacious.

The restaurant seating not very cozy but the food was delicious.

I love the modern interior!

The breading was light and airy.

The macaron bar was so nice.

There's a lot of space between the patisserie and the dining area with plenty of seats available for a walk-in lunch.

Very nice service, food and ambiance.

Beautiful interior with vaulted ceilings and some patterned texture on the ceiling.

The soufflé pancake was fluffy, lightly sweetened and just good.

Desserts, drinks, ambiance is phenomenal.

The plain walls are really interesting.

Loved the pink and green on white decor.

The service is friendly, and the interior is comfortable and relaxing, creating the perfect dining experience.

The ceilings are really high and you can hear voices echoing throughout.

The upscale restaurant has a bar lounge where most people wait.

You're too busy admiring the decor to notice the wait.

And the decor was so modern, I felt really comfortable here.

The restaurant is spacious and clean.

The empty spaces between the walls to the tables echos all the conversations being held in this restaurant.

Cute French style bar and restaurant with fresh Italian cuisine.

Service was delightful.

We had a window table that was perfect.

I'm glad we went, but mostly because of the pastry bar.

I'd come back, but only if I was in the area- pastry bar only next time!

It's unique with the high ceilings and the expansive dining area.

Open kitchen so you can look at the kitchen while you wait.

Downside - full glass windows and high ceiling make this place loud.

The vibes were casual for pastries, bar and to go but seemed a bit more fancy in the restaurant area which we didn't go to.

The interior is very spacious with some gold accents but feels kind of bare - picture Kim Kardashian's video where she walks you through her house and it's grey and empty.

I liked the classic attire and attitude, even of the bartender who served us while we waited for our table.

The ambience is a bit stark as there are no colors or decor on the walls, just white walls.

But the restaurant is spacious and ceilings are high so it's easy to have a conversation no matter how crowded it got.

They have their beautiful desserts from macaroons to cake slices, and their pastries lined up to display.

Each item on the display is a work of art.

Restaurant and bar seating is on the left side.

This layout makes it perfect for a casual coffee meet-up to a fun celebratory lunch or dinner.

The Mache Salad was light and refreshing with the snap peas, celery, avocado, chicken, and lemon vinaigrette dressing.

The ambiance was wonderful and the dessert area was so aesthetically pleasing to look at.

Walked by the store after a concert at the Ace Hotel Theater, popped in and was helped by Devin (apologies if spelled wrong) behind the counter.

Macarons were great as usual, restaurant interior made me feel like I was in Europe.

The ambiance the service the food, it's such as a grand experience.

Food was delicious, lobster bisque was lightly too salty but that's ok because the creaminess and overall flavor made up for it.

Decor and ambience was beautiful and peaceful.

[BUSINESS NAME] exterior and interior is beautiful amongst the grungy DTLA buildings and streets around it.

Could barely taste the matcha.

When I saw pics on Yelp, it seemed the display case would be filled with a vast array of desserts and pastries.

He looked at me as though I was asking the wrong question because one-third of the display case was empty.

People weren't smiling nor welcoming, just doing the bare minimum.

I sat at the bar and was well taken care of by the bartender as I ate dinner.

On weekends, there's usually a short wait at the pastry counter, but moves pretty fast.

* White Truffle Arancini: white truffle risotto in a ball.

* Branzino: slight char flavor.

light, airy, and dusted in pink sugar.

- bar and dessert cafe seating area in the front, separate from restaurant space

Wonderful atmosphere with high ceiling and fresh vibe.

Sweet spicy airy it reminds me of the movie mystic pizza when everyone begs for the secret ingredient.

We were seated at a comfy table near the kitchen where we could watch the pizza dough being tossed.

[Menu]: Yelp highlighted brunch items include Smoked Salmon Benedict / Eggs Benedict, Portobello Mushroom, Burrata Pizza, and French Toast.

I can't fault anyone for visiting this foodie trap with the spectacular decor and eye-catching baked goods section.

The beautiful space could use some decorative upgrades and possibly an overhaul of their menu.

The ambiance is perfect for any occasion.

When you come in, you first see the bakery and to go to the restaurant area, you walk to the left and check in with the host at a gold table with a beautiful bouquet.

The restaurant is white and elegant but casual at the same time.

Very friendly staff and great ambiance.

Based on the location and decor, I expected the prices to be somewhat higher, but it was more than reasonable (all things considering).

The grand macaron was the perfect way to end the meal as it was light and it rounded out the carb and dairy heavy meal we had.

The inside of restaurant feels spacious and love how they've decorated the interior.

Bathrooms are pretty too and incredibly well kept.

A great ambiance regardless if it's busy or a calm night.

To our surprise when opening the box - the sponge layers were bright PINK, unlike the photo on the website (vanilla / white).

Website shows sponge cake layers as vanilla / white

Pastry was also amazing with coffee, so light.

Interior is great!

Set up is spacious and hip.

the food quality is great but the ambiance is fantastic, the servers were amaazing, a bit of a while ago I got the pizza, it was absolutely delicious, the bakeries looked good but I didn't get any.

The ambiance is very elegant and classy.

Salads - Italian if you want something substantial for it has various meats and all the others salads are good and on "lighter side"

You walk in to the amazing pastries up front and then the relaxing and tropical yet elegant patio for dining.

Food, service, the seating, everything is always so perfect.

Ribeye steak and eggs, steak cooked Med rare, potatoes were lightly seasoned and tossed with bell peppers and onions.

The place itself is just beautiful and the kitchen is open, you can see everything being cooked and on the other side you can see the pizza being made in a brick oven with a guy actually tossing the dough up and down.

Service was great and the food was delightful!

Just super pricey love how everything tastes so light and satisfying.

My friends and I came for coffee and pastries which had a different seating area from the restaurant.

You barely taste the cheese so I'm not sure what I was tasting.

The barista gave me the latte with the layers all separated instead of mixed up.

I barely saw a thin line of the lavender syrup so I thought the flavor would be light but I was wrong.

[BUSINESS NAME] is an aesthetic establishment.

They have a patisserie, a cafe, a bar, & a restaurant.

The space is quite large and well designed, given the open space there is plenty of circulation and the acoustics are balanced by the open space.

Staff was friendly and open to conversation, as long as you give them space and greet them with a warm smile and hello.

The result was a really light, airy drink that I honestly could've drank in just 3 sips.

I had such a great experience here overall with both customer service and ambiance.

I love natural light and the window seating was perfect.

I was craving something with tomato sauce so I went with the margherita pizza despite my usual love for white sauce.

We also got carbonara which was creamy and slightly on the saltier side.

The exterior was beautiful and the interior was delicious.

The interior is very spacious with small, intimate tables and large tables to accommodate bigger parties.

From the flexibility with the waiting window for reservations (traffic and parking on any given night is a nightmare in DTLA), the fast service, to the quality of the food--[BUSINESS NAME] team brings their A-game to the table.

The space is very bright, spacious and has super high ceilings.

The ambiance is a little lacking as the space is cavernous with nothing to absorb the sound so it's a little loud.

I don't eat onion, garlic, egg and am vegetarian-- was able to eat the white pizza with no garlic (can't do red sauce and the pasta has egg).

The worst part is the staff serving at the dessert counter.

Ambiance is well lit, clean, and open.

Venue is beautiful and service was prompt snd delightful.

It's such a vibe from the dim lighting, music, and ambiance.

Ambiance is always good.

Food amazing, friendly service and chill ambiance ‍.

Ordered a pizza and a glass of house chardonnay.

While waiting, we did have the bar tender make us some excellent mimosas!

The decor is beautiful, airy and bright.

I usually sit at the bar.

Servers/ Bartenders: Very, very attentive and they always give great suggestions.

The packaging when you buy them in boxes, are a delight!

Last but not least, the ambiance, the high ceilings and open layout.

Seriously, food is delicious, service is exceptional, space is beautiful!

The ambiance is good, but there's always a lot of people and it's usually very loud.

We started our night at the bar, while waiting for our table.

However, the bar top was not maintained very well.

There was some trash on the counter that was not cleaned up the whole time we were there.

Also was hoping to get some macrons after our meal but turns out the bakery counter before the rest of the restaurant (midnight) so when we went over to buy some at about 10pm.

The windows look pretty sweet in them.

Ambiance is upscale, French-inspired cafe in Paris.

When you walk in, you get a full view of their bakery section, the delicious macarons and pasties on the right and the open view kitchen on the left.

It is definitely loud, thanks to the open layout.

The salmon had a slight tarty-spicy kick to it which I enjoyed.

The pistachio jaconde cake was moist and light, the cherry marmalade was perfectly sweet and firm and the almond and pistachio mousse was so so tasty.

The place is pretty spacious, not a lot of decor in the dining room.

Beautiful ambiance and stunning variety of pastries macarons and croissants and all other baked goodies!

We came in at 11a on mothers day and was able to quickly get a seat at the counter.

It has super bare walls, that they even said it looked like an apple store.

You can also watch them make the pizzas on the dining floor!

I loved the light but creamy burrata pizza, but the calabrese pizza was also great.

The seating is nice and spacious you can also see the kitchen when they cook the pasta and pizza, very cool.

Polished stone floors, very nice natural light, and plenty of little tables where you can sit and have a nice chat.

There was lots of seating.

Since the floors are hard, it gets pretty noisy as more people arrive, but that's OK because they can't ear hustle you while you're talking to your friend!

Staff were polite and very on top of service - they would notice empty plates or when you were finished with something and would clear it for space on your table.

I will admit this location is very different aesthetically from the one in West Hollywood.

This one has more of an upscale, classic architecture with visible kitchen spaces and often it becomes quite noisy in there with everyone talking at once.

In contrast, West Hollywood was more relaxed but still had a balance of elegance and contemporary elements in the space.

Inside ambiance was beautiful and bright.

There's a beautiful bar section where many party go-ers were laughing and having a great time.

the interior is gorgeous.

It was HUGE, but flakey, airy and not too sweet.

You walk in and you are overwhelmed by the dessert counter!!!

We sat at the bar,

I have not tried anything I don't like, everything is delicious, due to high ceilings it can be very noisy.

Always an enjoyable, relaxed experience with excellent food and attentive service in a beautiful space.

Delicious macarons that are so light and airy.

Macarons display

Thank you Barbara for the recommendation and happy anniversary!

The decor reminds me of going to a nice lunch with friends.

Pricey menu, charming ambiance.

The cafe is on the corner with large windows and people watching was delightful.

Great service and ambiance was great.

See all photos from Barbi O.

The establishment is very open with lots of seating.

The service and the decors are top notch but the food was a bit disappointing.

Their coffee is actually quite delightful.

The restaurant itself is gorgeous and it's a great view/ambiance to take in while dining.

It is a huge open space, with a large number of tables and bench type seating, all very comfortable.

Everything is a bit on the dark side, being white, but it certainly reflects cleanliness and precision.The only downside of the atmosphere (to me) was the height of the ceilings, which produce the typical and (by many) much beloved echoey feeling.

I can't recall the sauce-- It was slightly bland but seemed to fit well with the overall dish.

Nice ambiance and the service was good.

Ambience & Decor is 4/5

THE BEST DESSERT, THE WORST PARKING, 5% CHARGE ON TOP OF BILL, BEAUTIFUL DECOR!

To the woman who was seating people, to the bar tenders, and the cooks, Everyone was so kind.

FRUIT TART--After dinner, (at Wokano) we stopped here to get my dessert (what is date night without a dessert, right?!) and I ordered quickly because the bartender said they were sold out of just about everything.

It was not overly sweet, crunchy perfect fruit, and the texture was light and fluffy...just amazing.

the ambiance was AMAZING!!!

I definitely want to return during the day to see this place in the sunlight!

There's also a dessert counter that wasn't open that night, so I'd love to come back when it is!

I always take family and friends here to enjoy the ambiance, the food and the great service.

You can enjoy a sit down meal or you can enjoy by the bar or cafe area and indulge in their delectable desserts of macaroons and cakes.

Bathrooms are always clean and tidy, which is a big plus for me.

We came in around 10pm to get drinks at the bar.

First thing we noticed was bags of trash behind the bar, like someone was cleaning up but didn't finish taking the trash out.

It took awhile for the bartender to acknowledge us even though the bar wasn't very crowded.

Another patron noticed the state of disarray behind the bar and sensed the bartender's attitude.

Thinking they may have been about to close the patron politely asked what time they close and the bartender said they closed at 12 am.

Yet the bar was left messy and the bartender was giving haughty attitude to everyone like we were hindering their closing operations.

We wanted to ask about the surcharge but the bartender had disappeared for a really long time after running our credit card so we eventually just signed the check and left.

I had a pear martini which was actually pretty good so I guess that's one good thing, but for that much I expect at least some decent service and a bar that doesn't smell like trash, this isn't a dive bar.

I'm hoping their macarons are still as good as they use to be, but as for the bar at night you're better off elsewhere.

Everything was so aesthetically pleasing and I was surprised to see the flower arrangements we saw everywhere including the bathroom was real!

Our pizza actually was forgotten in the kitchen when it was made and so a new pizza was made and came out a little late (maybe 15 mins) and to our surprise it got taken off the check as an apology.

[BUSINESS NAME] is a stunner with its aesthetics that scream sophistication!

The Pear martini was a delightful sip of refreshment, and those Portobello mushrooms with that creamy sauce?

This review is for the bar.

The bartender is a machine!

She was the only one behind the bar and fielding orders from both bar and restaurant.

I ask this lady politely for my receipt and my pastry order from the kiosk and she just give me attitude like I did not even do anything and I'm very polite and amused by the ambiance of the this place but if you have a employee like her I think you will hurt your reputation.

The ambiance is stellar!

Also the very tall ceilings lends to a feeling of a lot of space.

That's the first thing you'll notice because they have a huge display in the front.

I was literally greeted and ushered in off the street by an employee who witnessed the confusion on face as to where to enter the massive building.

I didn't make a reservation but was able to get immediate seating and by a window no less (insert brownie points).

The pastas are yummy (especially the gnocchi), the drinks are fantastic and I love the French-inspired decor.

The service is great too, they lead you to your table once you've gotten some drinks at the bar and reservations can be made online.

Always top-notch service, good, clean fresh food, and such a beautiful layout.

I just wished they would spread their guests more across the spacious seating area rather than sit everyone with such close proximity.

Anyhow we walk into this huge bright airy space with a bakery in the front.

The noise level was high bc of the space so it was a little hard to hear conversation.

The bathrooms were really clean and nice and they have the fancy thick paper towels to dry your hands!

5% kitchen fee or whatever people are calling it lately so don't be surprised.

I have only ever eaten outside at the small tables and never in the restaurant area, but I always enjoy the cafe ambiance and the views of WeHo when sitting outside!

The ambiance is fun and lively.

The beautiful patisserie display on the right greets you once you enter then the ostentatious decor of this high ceiling restaurant is revealed.

I washed the pizza down with two Oaxacans and had some great conversations with fellow bar patrons.

Emmanuel the bartender is hospitality embodied in a person.

He remembers your order all while making the rest of the restaurants drinks, two bartenders held down the Friday early rush.

It's a beautiful restaurant specially when all the desserts are displayed.

The restaurant is classy, beautiful and spacious.

I love the high ceilings and the open kitchen.

When you walk in you see the beautiful display of macaroons and desserts.

Variety of gift items on the wall shelves.

It was away from the windows so the sunlight wouldn't blind us.

The decor was cute and the restaurant was a pretty decent size.

The high ceilings really make it feel like a special place.

Clean bright bustling space serving delicious layered flavors.

Eggs benedict was light and you have to try the beignet with raspberry purée.

Don't forget to hit the pastry counter on your way out for some of the best the city has to offer.

Our server Sylviavain was delightful and so welcoming.

Love the lighting as well.

Family had flown in & friends had arrived for a feast & to play the White Elephant game!

The Ambiance is reminiscent of a beautiful trip to Italy!

The whole experience was just as wonderful as the interior of the restaurant.

The restaurant itself had a nice ambiance but it was also very noisy.

The interior of the restaurant was gorgeous.

It felt very classy because of the high ceilings and the floor to ceiling windows.

It's huge inside with plenty of seating but every table was taken when we got there during the week!

But the coffee was great from the coffee bar.

When you enter a space and don't feel welcome I wanted to turn around and walk out.

Ambiance: This restaurant is massive!

There is so much going on in the restaurant: full bar, restaurant, coffee bar, and a dessert area.

The environment is very lively and aesthetic to the eye.

Seating: There is plenty of seating since the place is so big!

There is bar seating, table/chairs near the dessert area, and a whole restaurant area.

The dessert itself was a light vanilla pudding.

with white cake and a strawberry filling.

Some of the food was a bit slow coming out of the kitchen and some stuff on the menu is reasonably priced while other other items, like the pizza, seem a bit expensive.

Large bar area with open seating

May have a slight wait time, but worth it!

Came here on anTuesday evening and there was plenty of seating.

The place is pretty though it reminds me of a warehouse with a high ceiling and echo throughout.

[BUSINESS NAME] in Los Angeles is known for its vibrant and elegant ambiance.

The restaurant features a spacious, beautifully designed interior with high ceilings, white marble, and gold accents.

Young man behind the counter was very hopeful and made great suggestions.

I love this location because of it's high ceilings, exposed kitchen, marble and gold accents, all of it is well thought out!

If tables are taken, you can always sit at the bar area!

A Family Fav, a Local Delight, Never Disappoints!

Not to mention the fun and cozy ambiance and great service.

Delicious Italian food in a spacious marble restaurant with high ceilings..

But most recently I went in for their cake counter at the entrance.

But most recently I went in for their pastry/cake counter at the entrance.

First - the location and ambiance is simply flat out impressive.

The staff are amazing, delightful and knowledgeable about the menu.

The interior design is clean white with elements of gold and wood to accent such pristine decor.

If they were hanging clothes next to each table and fashionable bags on the walls you would think you were dining in a Hermes or Louis Vuitton.

Large windows bring in extra light along with the gaze of both the envious and curious walking by.

The interior could be placed in any modern home spread or fashion magazine and it would make sense it made it there.

They are fried golden and topped with parsley and parmesan cheese.

Using a pain de mie bread (common type of white or brown bread used in France with a soft, thin crust) these thick cut slices contain so many different flavors all telling a cohesive story.

You have a slight savory flavor from the egg base, a citrus component from the fresh berries and compote, richness from the buttered sliced almonds, and the blast of sweetness from maple syrup to drizzle on the side.

The Calamari Fritti are lightly fried bouncy pieces of circular squid, a delight for both flavors and mouth feels for those who enjoy texture.

Not only will each one be a visual delight but the flavors match swimmingly.

If you want to as well, make sure you bring your appetite, your camera, and a fat wallet.

It's a huge and beautiful space with tall ceilings, chic furniture and an enticing bakery areas as soon as you walk in.

Crust is crispy and airy.

Nicely spaced not touching each other and not tipped or ruined in any way, shape or form and that means a lot to me.

We had Sunday Brunch here last week, and some interesting highlights were the lobster hash, smoked salmon eggs Benedict, Croque Madam, and "le pancake".

Light as air pancakes, perfectly cooked poached eggs, super creamy but light bechamel sauce over the croque madam...

It pretty much breaks the sound barrier.

Love the ambiance, apps were good, service at the table was good.

Ok it's L.A., I get it, but the service at that counter was absolutely terrible.

Also, the lunch was delicious; served on beautiful classic white plates with white silverware, of course.

The boutique pastry and dessert counter as you walk in, is eye candy!

Also, the lunch was superb; served on beautiful classic white plates with white silverware, of course.

Very nice interior.

The floor tiling and tall wooden doors and ceilings are gorgeous.

AMBIANCE: Casual, noise level can be loud.

Has a sit down area and a walk thru counter.

Nice ambiance and quick service.

The ceilings are 2 stories high so it's very echoey in the restaurant making it hard to have conversation.

But the design of the place is lovely including the bathrooms.

it feels like they've had a big change in the kitchen or at the top because the food has lost its luster and the pastries have gone down in quality.

The service is cool but the ambiance has dropped.

I love how you can look into the kitchen while you are seated and watch them make your food.

The restaurant has a patisserie in the front section with some open seating.

- truffle fries: basically large chunks of bartered portabella mushrooms, the batter and mushroom don't really congeal well together but the taste was good, esp with the aioli!

Ambiance was warm, a little loud though.

The dessert counter is a pleasant surprise at the entrance.

The place is pretty loud but the decor is pretty cute.

I ordered a Merlot, when he said they don't have it I switched to a glass of Pinot noir.

The bill came and he charged me $32 for 1 GLASS OF WINE!

Super unacceptable that I was not told the price of 1 glass of wine.

After buying, feel free to sit still their open seating area.

Thank you for the great food, service and ambiance.

4) cleanliness and decor.

5) for the ambiance, atmosphere and quality of food, i've spent more at some hole in the walls.

If you have a chance to go here, get there at 4;45pm and you'll have no problem with seating and on Sundays, parking is free and plenty!

It was delicious and light.

On the way to hotel, I could not move my feet due to the temping desserts I saw through the windows.

I walked in and found out this place is combination of 3 -- dessert, bar and Italian restaurant.

High ceiling with white paint throughout, all the hardware speaks for the quality.

Great service, wide, high-ceiling, luxurious space with an open kitchen, a full pastry corner, many seats, and yummy food.

The ambiance certainly makes for gorgeous pictures and a calm atmosphere.

The peach Italian cream soda was a bubbly delight.

Ive seen the macaroons and old bank style building everywhere.

The honeycombing of the dough was was too much and had barely any layering which makes it seem so cheap and badly prepared.

Giving it 3 stars simply because the pastries itself were prepared and displayed very well and the chefs did amazing!

The high ceilings and hard surfaces contributed the a VERY LOUD environment.

Great ambiance & food.

The food was delicious and I enjoyed the open spaces

The interior is obviously so beautiful.

Large glass windows, separate bakery line with bright pastels and neons, and separate dining area for restaurant.

You can pick on a sheet of paper what you want just like sushi bar style.

It's a white sauce pizza with lots of ricotta and was super creamy.

The high ceilings, fresh vibrant flowers, bright and airy place with spacious seatings, real live pizza being baked right before your eyes and an excellent service.

[BUSINESS NAME] is spacious, lux, and bright (when the sun's out) - great natural lighting up until the evening.

This restaurant has great ambiance, overall fun spot to dine in.

Great ambiance, good food, worth the wait.

There is a seating area for yummy food as well and it was pretty busy during the weekend which I wasn't surprised about.

4 stars for the ambiance, decor and cuisine.

The ambiance honestly felt like a Cheesecake Factory but just ever so slightly above it.

(No changing table in the HUGE bathroom) Food was nothing special & neither was the service.

I used to come here a lot for their chocolate bars, but never really dined here until recently.

The interior is very bright and definitely has an upscale feel.

- French toast: the toast had a soft interior and the fruit was fresh.

Both were nice and sweet, but I would say the Juicy tasted slightly better for us.

Service and ambiance add more value to justify the price too.

As we walked up, we noticed the lights over the dessert/macaron area were off and almost everything was put away.

Everywhere I looked online says hours are until 12am, but it turns out that the dessert counter closes at 10pm.

While talking to the guy who was closing up the desert counter, he mentioned that we could walk over to the bar and purchase a variety box of random macarons, a blind box, per se.

I also ordered a gin based cocktail at the bar too but it was definitely very spirit forward.

I have high expectations and anticipation as the baked goods were great!

The food, service and ambiance was just spectacular.

Support a great place and enjoy the ambiance.

This place has great food, beautiful ambiance and tasty iced coffee.

The service is professional, like fine dining restaurant and ambiance makes you feel comfortable.

They have an open kitchen.